## AudioCurveSourceComponent Objects

```python
class AudioCurveSourceComponent(AudioComponent)
```

An audio component that also provides curves to drive animation

**C++ Source:**

- **Plugin**: FacialAnimation
- **Module**: FacialAnimation
- **File**: AudioCurveSourceComponent.h

**Editor Properties:** (see get_editor_property/set_editor_property)

- ``absolute_location`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If RelativeLocation should be considered relative to the world, rather than the parent
- ``absolute_rotation`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If RelativeRotation should be considered relative to the world, rather than the parent
- ``absolute_scale`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If RelativeScale3D should be considered relative to the world, rather than the parent
- ``allow_spatialization`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Overrides spatialization enablement in either the attenuation asset or on this audio component's attenuation settings override.
- ``asset_user_data`` (Array[AssetUserData]):  [Read-Write] Array of user data stored with the component
- ``asset_user_data_editor_only`` (Array[AssetUserData]):  [Read-Write] Array of user data stored with the component
- ``attenuation_overrides`` (SoundAttenuationSettings):  [Read-Write] If bOverrideSettings is true, the attenuation properties to use for sounds generated by this component
- ``attenuation_settings`` (SoundAttenuation):  [Read-Write] If bOverrideSettings is false, the asset to use to determine attenuation properties for sounds generated by this component
- ``auto_activate`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether the component is activated at creation or must be explicitly activated.
- ``auto_attach_location_rule`` (AttachmentRule):  [Read-Write] Options for how we handle our location when we attach to the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
  see: bAutoManageAttachment, EAttachmentRule
- ``auto_attach_parent`` (SceneComponent):  [Read-Only] Component we automatically attach to when activated, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
  If null during registration, we assign the existing AttachParent and defer attachment until we activate.
  see: bAutoManageAttachment
- ``auto_attach_rotation_rule`` (AttachmentRule):  [Read-Write] Options for how we handle our rotation when we attach to the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
  see: bAutoManageAttachment, EAttachmentRule
- ``auto_attach_scale_rule`` (AttachmentRule):  [Read-Write] Options for how we handle our scale when we attach to the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
  see: bAutoManageAttachment, EAttachmentRule
- ``auto_attach_socket_name`` (Name):  [Read-Write] Socket we automatically attach to on the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
  see: bAutoManageAttachment
- ``auto_manage_attachment`` (bool):  [Read-Write] True if we should automatically attach to AutoAttachParent when Played, and detach from our parent when playback is completed.
  This overrides any current attachment that may be present at the time of activation (deferring initial attachment until activation, if AutoAttachParent is null).
  If enabled, this AudioComponent's WorldLocation will no longer be reliable when not currently playing audio, and any attach children will also be
  detached/attached along with it.
  When enabled, detachment occurs regardless of whether AutoAttachParent is assigned, and the relative transform from the time of activation is restored.
  This also disables attachment on dedicated servers, where we don't actually activate even if bAutoActivate is true.
  see: AutoAttachParent, AutoAttachSocketName, AutoAttachLocationType
- ``can_ever_affect_navigation`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether this component can potentially influence navigation
- ``can_play_multiple_instances`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If true, the Audio Component will play multiple sound instances at once. Switching sounds or calling play while already playing
  will not stop already active instances. Virtualization for all played sounds will be disabled. Disabling while sound(s) are playing
  will not take effect until the AudioComponent is stopped and restarted.
- ``component_tags`` (Array[Name]):  [Read-Write] Array of tags that can be used for grouping and categorizing. Can also be accessed from scripting.
- ``concurrency_set`` (Set[SoundConcurrency]):  [Read-Write] What sound concurrency rules to use for sounds generated by this audio component
- ``curve_source_binding_name`` (Name):  [Read-Write] Get the name that this curve source can be bound to by.
  Clients of this curve source will use this name to identify this source.
- ``curve_sync_offset`` (float):  [Read-Write] Offset in time applied to audio position when evaluating curves
- ``default_parameters`` (Array[AudioParameter]):  [Read-Write] Array of parameters for this AudioComponent. Changes to this array directly will
  not be forwarded to the sound if the component is actively playing, and will be superseded
  by parameters set via the actor interface if set, or the instance parameters.
- ``detail_mode`` (DetailMode):  [Read-Write] If detail mode is >= system detail mode, primitive won't be rendered.
- ``disable_parameter_updates_while_playing`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If true, the Audio Component will ignore parameter updates for already-playing sound(s).
- ``editable_when_inherited`` (bool):  [Read-Write] True if this component can be modified when it was inherited from a parent actor class
- ``enable_high_pass_filter`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not to apply a low-pass filter to the sound that plays in this audio component.
- ``enable_low_pass_filter`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not to apply a low-pass filter to the sound that plays in this audio component.
- ``envelope_follower_attack_time`` (int32):  [Read-Write] The attack time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the
  envelope value of sounds played with this audio component.
- ``envelope_follower_release_time`` (int32):  [Read-Write] The release time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the
  envelope value of sounds played with this audio component.
- ``hidden_in_game`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether to hide the primitive in game, if the primitive is Visible.
- ``high_pass_filter_frequency`` (float):  [Read-Write] If enabled, the frequency of the Highpass Filter (in Hz) to apply to this voice. A frequency of 0.0 is the device sample rate and will bypass the filter.
- ``is_editor_only`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If true, the component will be excluded from non-editor builds
- ``is_ui_sound`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not this sound plays when the game is paused in the UI
- ``low_pass_filter_frequency`` (float):  [Read-Write] If enabled, the frequency of the Lowpass Filter (in Hz) to apply to this voice. A frequency of 0.0 is the device sample rate and will bypass the filter.
- ``mobility`` (ComponentMobility):  [Read-Write] How often this component is allowed to move, used to make various optimizations. Only safe to set in constructor.
- ``modulation_routing`` (SoundModulationDefaultRoutingSettings):  [Read-Write]
- ``on_audio_finished`` (OnAudioFinished):  [Read-Write] Called when we finish playing audio, either because it played to completion or because a Stop() call turned it off early
- ``on_audio_multi_envelope_value`` (OnAudioMultiEnvelopeValue):  [Read-Write]
- ``on_audio_play_state_changed`` (OnAudioPlayStateChanged):  [Read-Write] This function returns the Targeted Audio Component's current Play State.
  Playing, if the sound is currently playing.
  Stopped, if the sound is stopped.
  Paused, if the sound is currently playing, but paused.
  Fading In, if the sound is in the process of Fading In.
  Fading Out, if the sound is in the process of Fading Out.
- ``on_audio_playback_percent`` (OnAudioPlaybackPercent):  [Read-Write] Called as a sound plays on the audio component to allow BP to perform actions based on playback percentage.
  Computed as samples played divided by total samples, taking into account pitch.
  Not currently implemented on all platforms.
- ``on_audio_single_envelope_value`` (OnAudioSingleEnvelopeValue):  [Read-Write]
- ``on_audio_virtualization_changed`` (OnAudioVirtualizationChanged):  [Read-Write] Called when virtualization state changes
- ``on_component_activated`` (ActorComponentActivatedSignature):  [Read-Write] Called when the component has been activated, with parameter indicating if it was from a reset
- ``on_component_deactivated`` (ActorComponentDeactivateSignature):  [Read-Write] Called when the component has been deactivated
- ``override_attenuation`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Allows defining attenuation settings directly on this audio component without using an attenuation settings asset.
- ``override_priority`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not to override the priority of the given sound with the value provided.
- ``override_subtitle_priority`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not to override the sound's subtitle priority.
- ``physics_volume_changed_delegate`` (PhysicsVolumeChanged):  [Read-Write] Delegate that will be called when PhysicsVolume has been changed *
- ``pitch_modulation_max`` (float):  [Read-Write] The upper bound to use when randomly determining a pitch multiplier
- ``pitch_modulation_min`` (float):  [Read-Write] The lower bound to use when randomly determining a pitch multiplier
- ``pitch_multiplier`` (float):  [Read-Write] A pitch multiplier to apply to sounds generated by this component
- ``primary_component_tick`` (ActorComponentTickFunction):  [Read-Write] Main tick function for the Component
- ``priority`` (float):  [Read-Write] If enabled, overrides the priority of the selected sound with the value provided.
- ``relative_location`` (Vector):  [Read-Write] Location of the component relative to its parent
- ``relative_rotation`` (Rotator):  [Read-Write] Rotation of the component relative to its parent
- ``relative_scale3d`` (Vector):  [Read-Write] Non-uniform scaling of the component relative to its parent.
  Note that scaling is always applied in local space (no shearing etc)
- ``replicate_using_registered_sub_object_list`` (bool):  [Read-Write] When true the replication system will only replicate the registered subobjects list
  When false the replication system will instead call the virtual ReplicateSubObjects() function where the subobjects need to be manually replicated.
- ``replicates`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Is this component currently replicating? Should the network code consider it for replication? Owning Actor must be replicating first!
- ``should_update_physics_volume`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not the cached PhysicsVolume this component overlaps should be updated when the component is moved.
  see: GetPhysicsVolume()
- ``sound`` (SoundBase):  [Read-Write] The sound to be played
- ``sound_class_override`` (SoundClass):  [Read-Write] SoundClass that overrides that set on the referenced SoundBase when component is played.
- ``source_effect_chain`` (SoundEffectSourcePresetChain):  [Read-Write] The chain of Source Effects to apply to the sounds playing on the Audio Component
- ``subtitle_priority`` (float):  [Read-Write] Used by the subtitle manager to prioritize subtitles wave instances spawned by this component.
- ``suppress_subtitles`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If true, subtitles in the sound data will be ignored.
- ``use_attach_parent_bound`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If true, this component uses its parents bounds when attached.
  This can be a significant optimization with many components attached together.
- ``visible`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether to completely draw the primitive; if false, the primitive is not drawn, does not cast a shadow.
- ``volume_modulation_max`` (float):  [Read-Write] The upper bound to use when randomly determining a volume multiplier
- ``volume_modulation_min`` (float):  [Read-Write] The lower bound to use when randomly determining a volume multiplier
- ``volume_multiplier`` (float):  [Read-Write] A volume multiplier to apply to sounds generated by this component

<a id="unreal.AudioCurveSourceComponent.curve_source_binding_name"></a>

#### curve_source_binding_name

```python
@property
def curve_source_binding_name() -> Name
```

(Name):  [Read-Write] Get the name that this curve source can be bound to by.
Clients of this curve source will use this name to identify this source.

<a id="unreal.AudioCurveSourceComponent.curve_source_binding_name"></a>

#### curve_source_binding_name

```python
@curve_source_binding_name.setter
def curve_source_binding_name(value: Name) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioCurveSourceComponent.curve_sync_offset"></a>

#### curve_sync_offset

```python
@property
def curve_sync_offset() -> float
```

(float):  [Read-Write] Offset in time applied to audio position when evaluating curves

<a id="unreal.AudioCurveSourceComponent.curve_sync_offset"></a>

#### curve_sync_offset

```python
@curve_sync_offset.setter
def curve_sync_offset(value: float) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioCurveSourceComponent.get_curve_value"></a>

#### get_curve_value

```python
def get_curve_value(curve_name: Name) -> float
```

x.get_curve_value(curve_name) -> float
Get the value for a specified curve

Args:
    curve_name (Name): 

Returns:
    float:

<a id="unreal.AudioCurveSourceComponent.get_curves"></a>

#### get_curves

```python
def get_curves() -> Array[NamedCurveValue]
```

x.get_curves() -> Array[NamedCurveValue]
Evaluate all curves that this source provides

Returns:
    Array[NamedCurveValue]: 

    out_values (Array[NamedCurveValue]):

<a id="unreal.AudioCurveSourceComponent.get_binding_name"></a>

#### get_binding_name

```python
def get_binding_name() -> Name
```

x.get_binding_name() -> Name
Get the name that this curve source can be bound to by.
Clients of this curve source will use this name to identify this source.

Returns:
    Name:

<a id="unreal.SparseVolumeTextureFactory"></a>