## AudioComponent Objects

```python
class AudioComponent(SceneComponent)
```

AudioComponent is used to play a Sound
see: https://docs.unrealengine.com/WorkingWithAudio/Overview
see: USoundBase

**C++ Source:**

- **Module**: Engine
- **File**: AudioComponent.h

**Editor Properties:** (see get_editor_property/set_editor_property)

- ``absolute_location`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If RelativeLocation should be considered relative to the world, rather than the parent
- ``absolute_rotation`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If RelativeRotation should be considered relative to the world, rather than the parent
- ``absolute_scale`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If RelativeScale3D should be considered relative to the world, rather than the parent
- ``allow_spatialization`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Overrides spatialization enablement in either the attenuation asset or on this audio component's attenuation settings override.
- ``asset_user_data`` (Array[AssetUserData]):  [Read-Write] Array of user data stored with the component
- ``asset_user_data_editor_only`` (Array[AssetUserData]):  [Read-Write] Array of user data stored with the component
- ``attenuation_overrides`` (SoundAttenuationSettings):  [Read-Write] If bOverrideSettings is true, the attenuation properties to use for sounds generated by this component
- ``attenuation_settings`` (SoundAttenuation):  [Read-Write] If bOverrideSettings is false, the asset to use to determine attenuation properties for sounds generated by this component
- ``auto_activate`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether the component is activated at creation or must be explicitly activated.
- ``auto_attach_location_rule`` (AttachmentRule):  [Read-Write] Options for how we handle our location when we attach to the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
  see: bAutoManageAttachment, EAttachmentRule
- ``auto_attach_parent`` (SceneComponent):  [Read-Only] Component we automatically attach to when activated, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
  If null during registration, we assign the existing AttachParent and defer attachment until we activate.
  see: bAutoManageAttachment
- ``auto_attach_rotation_rule`` (AttachmentRule):  [Read-Write] Options for how we handle our rotation when we attach to the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
  see: bAutoManageAttachment, EAttachmentRule
- ``auto_attach_scale_rule`` (AttachmentRule):  [Read-Write] Options for how we handle our scale when we attach to the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
  see: bAutoManageAttachment, EAttachmentRule
- ``auto_attach_socket_name`` (Name):  [Read-Write] Socket we automatically attach to on the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
  see: bAutoManageAttachment
- ``auto_manage_attachment`` (bool):  [Read-Write] True if we should automatically attach to AutoAttachParent when Played, and detach from our parent when playback is completed.
  This overrides any current attachment that may be present at the time of activation (deferring initial attachment until activation, if AutoAttachParent is null).
  If enabled, this AudioComponent's WorldLocation will no longer be reliable when not currently playing audio, and any attach children will also be
  detached/attached along with it.
  When enabled, detachment occurs regardless of whether AutoAttachParent is assigned, and the relative transform from the time of activation is restored.
  This also disables attachment on dedicated servers, where we don't actually activate even if bAutoActivate is true.
  see: AutoAttachParent, AutoAttachSocketName, AutoAttachLocationType
- ``can_ever_affect_navigation`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether this component can potentially influence navigation
- ``can_play_multiple_instances`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If true, the Audio Component will play multiple sound instances at once. Switching sounds or calling play while already playing
  will not stop already active instances. Virtualization for all played sounds will be disabled. Disabling while sound(s) are playing
  will not take effect until the AudioComponent is stopped and restarted.
- ``component_tags`` (Array[Name]):  [Read-Write] Array of tags that can be used for grouping and categorizing. Can also be accessed from scripting.
- ``concurrency_set`` (Set[SoundConcurrency]):  [Read-Write] What sound concurrency rules to use for sounds generated by this audio component
- ``default_parameters`` (Array[AudioParameter]):  [Read-Write] Array of parameters for this AudioComponent. Changes to this array directly will
  not be forwarded to the sound if the component is actively playing, and will be superseded
  by parameters set via the actor interface if set, or the instance parameters.
- ``detail_mode`` (DetailMode):  [Read-Write] If detail mode is >= system detail mode, primitive won't be rendered.
- ``disable_parameter_updates_while_playing`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If true, the Audio Component will ignore parameter updates for already-playing sound(s).
- ``editable_when_inherited`` (bool):  [Read-Write] True if this component can be modified when it was inherited from a parent actor class
- ``enable_high_pass_filter`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not to apply a low-pass filter to the sound that plays in this audio component.
- ``enable_low_pass_filter`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not to apply a low-pass filter to the sound that plays in this audio component.
- ``envelope_follower_attack_time`` (int32):  [Read-Write] The attack time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the
  envelope value of sounds played with this audio component.
- ``envelope_follower_release_time`` (int32):  [Read-Write] The release time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the
  envelope value of sounds played with this audio component.
- ``hidden_in_game`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether to hide the primitive in game, if the primitive is Visible.
- ``high_pass_filter_frequency`` (float):  [Read-Write] If enabled, the frequency of the Highpass Filter (in Hz) to apply to this voice. A frequency of 0.0 is the device sample rate and will bypass the filter.
- ``is_editor_only`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If true, the component will be excluded from non-editor builds
- ``is_ui_sound`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not this sound plays when the game is paused in the UI
- ``low_pass_filter_frequency`` (float):  [Read-Write] If enabled, the frequency of the Lowpass Filter (in Hz) to apply to this voice. A frequency of 0.0 is the device sample rate and will bypass the filter.
- ``mobility`` (ComponentMobility):  [Read-Write] How often this component is allowed to move, used to make various optimizations. Only safe to set in constructor.
- ``modulation_routing`` (SoundModulationDefaultRoutingSettings):  [Read-Write]
- ``on_audio_finished`` (OnAudioFinished):  [Read-Write] Called when we finish playing audio, either because it played to completion or because a Stop() call turned it off early
- ``on_audio_multi_envelope_value`` (OnAudioMultiEnvelopeValue):  [Read-Write]
- ``on_audio_play_state_changed`` (OnAudioPlayStateChanged):  [Read-Write] This function returns the Targeted Audio Component's current Play State.
  Playing, if the sound is currently playing.
  Stopped, if the sound is stopped.
  Paused, if the sound is currently playing, but paused.
  Fading In, if the sound is in the process of Fading In.
  Fading Out, if the sound is in the process of Fading Out.
- ``on_audio_playback_percent`` (OnAudioPlaybackPercent):  [Read-Write] Called as a sound plays on the audio component to allow BP to perform actions based on playback percentage.
  Computed as samples played divided by total samples, taking into account pitch.
  Not currently implemented on all platforms.
- ``on_audio_single_envelope_value`` (OnAudioSingleEnvelopeValue):  [Read-Write]
- ``on_audio_virtualization_changed`` (OnAudioVirtualizationChanged):  [Read-Write] Called when virtualization state changes
- ``on_component_activated`` (ActorComponentActivatedSignature):  [Read-Write] Called when the component has been activated, with parameter indicating if it was from a reset
- ``on_component_deactivated`` (ActorComponentDeactivateSignature):  [Read-Write] Called when the component has been deactivated
- ``override_attenuation`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Allows defining attenuation settings directly on this audio component without using an attenuation settings asset.
- ``override_priority`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not to override the priority of the given sound with the value provided.
- ``override_subtitle_priority`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not to override the sound's subtitle priority.
- ``physics_volume_changed_delegate`` (PhysicsVolumeChanged):  [Read-Write] Delegate that will be called when PhysicsVolume has been changed *
- ``pitch_modulation_max`` (float):  [Read-Write] The upper bound to use when randomly determining a pitch multiplier
- ``pitch_modulation_min`` (float):  [Read-Write] The lower bound to use when randomly determining a pitch multiplier
- ``pitch_multiplier`` (float):  [Read-Write] A pitch multiplier to apply to sounds generated by this component
- ``primary_component_tick`` (ActorComponentTickFunction):  [Read-Write] Main tick function for the Component
- ``priority`` (float):  [Read-Write] If enabled, overrides the priority of the selected sound with the value provided.
- ``relative_location`` (Vector):  [Read-Write] Location of the component relative to its parent
- ``relative_rotation`` (Rotator):  [Read-Write] Rotation of the component relative to its parent
- ``relative_scale3d`` (Vector):  [Read-Write] Non-uniform scaling of the component relative to its parent.
  Note that scaling is always applied in local space (no shearing etc)
- ``replicate_using_registered_sub_object_list`` (bool):  [Read-Write] When true the replication system will only replicate the registered subobjects list
  When false the replication system will instead call the virtual ReplicateSubObjects() function where the subobjects need to be manually replicated.
- ``replicates`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Is this component currently replicating? Should the network code consider it for replication? Owning Actor must be replicating first!
- ``should_update_physics_volume`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not the cached PhysicsVolume this component overlaps should be updated when the component is moved.
  see: GetPhysicsVolume()
- ``sound`` (SoundBase):  [Read-Write] The sound to be played
- ``sound_class_override`` (SoundClass):  [Read-Write] SoundClass that overrides that set on the referenced SoundBase when component is played.
- ``source_effect_chain`` (SoundEffectSourcePresetChain):  [Read-Write] The chain of Source Effects to apply to the sounds playing on the Audio Component
- ``subtitle_priority`` (float):  [Read-Write] Used by the subtitle manager to prioritize subtitles wave instances spawned by this component.
- ``suppress_subtitles`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If true, subtitles in the sound data will be ignored.
- ``use_attach_parent_bound`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If true, this component uses its parents bounds when attached.
  This can be a significant optimization with many components attached together.
- ``visible`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether to completely draw the primitive; if false, the primitive is not drawn, does not cast a shadow.
- ``volume_modulation_max`` (float):  [Read-Write] The upper bound to use when randomly determining a volume multiplier
- ``volume_modulation_min`` (float):  [Read-Write] The lower bound to use when randomly determining a volume multiplier
- ``volume_multiplier`` (float):  [Read-Write] A volume multiplier to apply to sounds generated by this component

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.sound"></a>

#### sound

```python
@property
def sound() -> SoundBase
```

(SoundBase):  [Read-Write] The sound to be played

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.sound"></a>

#### sound

```python
@sound.setter
def sound(value: SoundBase) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.default_parameters"></a>

#### default_parameters

```python
@property
def default_parameters() -> Array[AudioParameter]
```

(Array[AudioParameter]):  [Read-Write] Array of parameters for this AudioComponent. Changes to this array directly will
not be forwarded to the sound if the component is actively playing, and will be superseded
by parameters set via the actor interface if set, or the instance parameters.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.default_parameters"></a>

#### default_parameters

```python
@default_parameters.setter
def default_parameters(value: Array[AudioParameter]) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.instance_parameters"></a>

#### instance_parameters

```python
@property
def instance_parameters() -> Array[AudioParameter]
```

deprecated: 'instance_parameters' was renamed to 'default_parameters'.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.instance_parameters"></a>

#### instance_parameters

```python
@instance_parameters.setter
def instance_parameters(value: Array[AudioParameter]) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.allow_spatialization"></a>

#### allow_spatialization

```python
@property
def allow_spatialization() -> bool
```

(bool):  [Read-Write] Overrides spatialization enablement in either the attenuation asset or on this audio component's attenuation settings override.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.allow_spatialization"></a>

#### allow_spatialization

```python
@allow_spatialization.setter
def allow_spatialization(value: bool) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.override_attenuation"></a>

#### override_attenuation

```python
@property
def override_attenuation() -> bool
```

(bool):  [Read-Write] Allows defining attenuation settings directly on this audio component without using an attenuation settings asset.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.override_attenuation"></a>

#### override_attenuation

```python
@override_attenuation.setter
def override_attenuation(value: bool) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.override_subtitle_priority"></a>

#### override_subtitle_priority

```python
@property
def override_subtitle_priority() -> bool
```

(bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not to override the sound's subtitle priority.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.override_subtitle_priority"></a>

#### override_subtitle_priority

```python
@override_subtitle_priority.setter
def override_subtitle_priority(value: bool) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.is_ui_sound"></a>

#### is_ui_sound

```python
@property
def is_ui_sound() -> bool
```

(bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not this sound plays when the game is paused in the UI

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.is_ui_sound"></a>

#### is_ui_sound

```python
@is_ui_sound.setter
def is_ui_sound(value: bool) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.enable_low_pass_filter"></a>

#### enable_low_pass_filter

```python
@property
def enable_low_pass_filter() -> bool
```

(bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not to apply a low-pass filter to the sound that plays in this audio component.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.enable_low_pass_filter"></a>

#### enable_low_pass_filter

```python
@enable_low_pass_filter.setter
def enable_low_pass_filter(value: bool) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.enable_high_pass_filter"></a>

#### enable_high_pass_filter

```python
@property
def enable_high_pass_filter() -> bool
```

(bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not to apply a low-pass filter to the sound that plays in this audio component.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.enable_high_pass_filter"></a>

#### enable_high_pass_filter

```python
@enable_high_pass_filter.setter
def enable_high_pass_filter(value: bool) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.override_priority"></a>

#### override_priority

```python
@property
def override_priority() -> bool
```

(bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not to override the priority of the given sound with the value provided.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.override_priority"></a>

#### override_priority

```python
@override_priority.setter
def override_priority(value: bool) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.suppress_subtitles"></a>

#### suppress_subtitles

```python
@property
def suppress_subtitles() -> bool
```

(bool):  [Read-Write] If true, subtitles in the sound data will be ignored.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.suppress_subtitles"></a>

#### suppress_subtitles

```python
@suppress_subtitles.setter
def suppress_subtitles(value: bool) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.can_play_multiple_instances"></a>

#### can_play_multiple_instances

```python
@property
def can_play_multiple_instances() -> bool
```

(bool):  [Read-Write] If true, the Audio Component will play multiple sound instances at once. Switching sounds or calling play while already playing
will not stop already active instances. Virtualization for all played sounds will be disabled. Disabling while sound(s) are playing
will not take effect until the AudioComponent is stopped and restarted.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.can_play_multiple_instances"></a>

#### can_play_multiple_instances

```python
@can_play_multiple_instances.setter
def can_play_multiple_instances(value: bool) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.disable_parameter_updates_while_playing"></a>

#### disable_parameter_updates_while_playing

```python
@property
def disable_parameter_updates_while_playing() -> bool
```

(bool):  [Read-Write] If true, the Audio Component will ignore parameter updates for already-playing sound(s).

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.disable_parameter_updates_while_playing"></a>

#### disable_parameter_updates_while_playing

```python
@disable_parameter_updates_while_playing.setter
def disable_parameter_updates_while_playing(value: bool) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.auto_manage_attachment"></a>

#### auto_manage_attachment

```python
@property
def auto_manage_attachment() -> bool
```

(bool):  [Read-Only] True if we should automatically attach to AutoAttachParent when Played, and detach from our parent when playback is completed.
This overrides any current attachment that may be present at the time of activation (deferring initial attachment until activation, if AutoAttachParent is null).
If enabled, this AudioComponent's WorldLocation will no longer be reliable when not currently playing audio, and any attach children will also be
detached/attached along with it.
When enabled, detachment occurs regardless of whether AutoAttachParent is assigned, and the relative transform from the time of activation is restored.
This also disables attachment on dedicated servers, where we don't actually activate even if bAutoActivate is true.
see: AutoAttachParent, AutoAttachSocketName, AutoAttachLocationType

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.pitch_modulation_min"></a>

#### pitch_modulation_min

```python
@property
def pitch_modulation_min() -> float
```

(float):  [Read-Write] The lower bound to use when randomly determining a pitch multiplier

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.pitch_modulation_min"></a>

#### pitch_modulation_min

```python
@pitch_modulation_min.setter
def pitch_modulation_min(value: float) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.pitch_multiplier_min"></a>

#### pitch_multiplier_min

```python
@property
def pitch_multiplier_min() -> float
```

deprecated: 'pitch_multiplier_min' was renamed to 'pitch_modulation_min'.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.pitch_multiplier_min"></a>

#### pitch_multiplier_min

```python
@pitch_multiplier_min.setter
def pitch_multiplier_min(value: float) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.pitch_modulation_max"></a>

#### pitch_modulation_max

```python
@property
def pitch_modulation_max() -> float
```

(float):  [Read-Write] The upper bound to use when randomly determining a pitch multiplier

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.pitch_modulation_max"></a>

#### pitch_modulation_max

```python
@pitch_modulation_max.setter
def pitch_modulation_max(value: float) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.pitch_multiplier_max"></a>

#### pitch_multiplier_max

```python
@property
def pitch_multiplier_max() -> float
```

deprecated: 'pitch_multiplier_max' was renamed to 'pitch_modulation_max'.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.pitch_multiplier_max"></a>

#### pitch_multiplier_max

```python
@pitch_multiplier_max.setter
def pitch_multiplier_max(value: float) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.volume_modulation_min"></a>

#### volume_modulation_min

```python
@property
def volume_modulation_min() -> float
```

(float):  [Read-Write] The lower bound to use when randomly determining a volume multiplier

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.volume_modulation_min"></a>

#### volume_modulation_min

```python
@volume_modulation_min.setter
def volume_modulation_min(value: float) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.volume_multiplier_min"></a>

#### volume_multiplier_min

```python
@property
def volume_multiplier_min() -> float
```

deprecated: 'volume_multiplier_min' was renamed to 'volume_modulation_min'.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.volume_multiplier_min"></a>

#### volume_multiplier_min

```python
@volume_multiplier_min.setter
def volume_multiplier_min(value: float) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.volume_modulation_max"></a>

#### volume_modulation_max

```python
@property
def volume_modulation_max() -> float
```

(float):  [Read-Write] The upper bound to use when randomly determining a volume multiplier

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.volume_modulation_max"></a>

#### volume_modulation_max

```python
@volume_modulation_max.setter
def volume_modulation_max(value: float) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.volume_multiplier_max"></a>

#### volume_multiplier_max

```python
@property
def volume_multiplier_max() -> float
```

deprecated: 'volume_multiplier_max' was renamed to 'volume_modulation_max'.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.volume_multiplier_max"></a>

#### volume_multiplier_max

```python
@volume_multiplier_max.setter
def volume_multiplier_max(value: float) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.volume_multiplier"></a>

#### volume_multiplier

```python
@property
def volume_multiplier() -> float
```

(float):  [Read-Write] A volume multiplier to apply to sounds generated by this component

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.volume_multiplier"></a>

#### volume_multiplier

```python
@volume_multiplier.setter
def volume_multiplier(value: float) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.envelope_follower_attack_time"></a>

#### envelope_follower_attack_time

```python
@property
def envelope_follower_attack_time() -> int
```

(int32):  [Read-Write] The attack time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the
envelope value of sounds played with this audio component.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.envelope_follower_attack_time"></a>

#### envelope_follower_attack_time

```python
@envelope_follower_attack_time.setter
def envelope_follower_attack_time(value: int) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.envelope_follower_release_time"></a>

#### envelope_follower_release_time

```python
@property
def envelope_follower_release_time() -> int
```

(int32):  [Read-Write] The release time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the
envelope value of sounds played with this audio component.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.envelope_follower_release_time"></a>

#### envelope_follower_release_time

```python
@envelope_follower_release_time.setter
def envelope_follower_release_time(value: int) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.priority"></a>

#### priority

```python
@property
def priority() -> float
```

(float):  [Read-Write] If enabled, overrides the priority of the selected sound with the value provided.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.priority"></a>

#### priority

```python
@priority.setter
def priority(value: float) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.subtitle_priority"></a>

#### subtitle_priority

```python
@property
def subtitle_priority() -> float
```

(float):  [Read-Write] Used by the subtitle manager to prioritize subtitles wave instances spawned by this component.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.subtitle_priority"></a>

#### subtitle_priority

```python
@subtitle_priority.setter
def subtitle_priority(value: float) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.source_effect_chain"></a>

#### source_effect_chain

```python
@property
def source_effect_chain() -> SoundEffectSourcePresetChain
```

(SoundEffectSourcePresetChain):  [Read-Write] The chain of Source Effects to apply to the sounds playing on the Audio Component

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.source_effect_chain"></a>

#### source_effect_chain

```python
@source_effect_chain.setter
def source_effect_chain(value: SoundEffectSourcePresetChain) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.pitch_multiplier"></a>

#### pitch_multiplier

```python
@property
def pitch_multiplier() -> float
```

(float):  [Read-Write] A pitch multiplier to apply to sounds generated by this component

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.pitch_multiplier"></a>

#### pitch_multiplier

```python
@pitch_multiplier.setter
def pitch_multiplier(value: float) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.low_pass_filter_frequency"></a>

#### low_pass_filter_frequency

```python
@property
def low_pass_filter_frequency() -> float
```

(float):  [Read-Write] If enabled, the frequency of the Lowpass Filter (in Hz) to apply to this voice. A frequency of 0.0 is the device sample rate and will bypass the filter.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.low_pass_filter_frequency"></a>

#### low_pass_filter_frequency

```python
@low_pass_filter_frequency.setter
def low_pass_filter_frequency(value: float) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.high_pass_filter_frequency"></a>

#### high_pass_filter_frequency

```python
@property
def high_pass_filter_frequency() -> float
```

(float):  [Read-Write] If enabled, the frequency of the Highpass Filter (in Hz) to apply to this voice. A frequency of 0.0 is the device sample rate and will bypass the filter.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.high_pass_filter_frequency"></a>

#### high_pass_filter_frequency

```python
@high_pass_filter_frequency.setter
def high_pass_filter_frequency(value: float) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.attenuation_settings"></a>

#### attenuation_settings

```python
@property
def attenuation_settings() -> SoundAttenuation
```

(SoundAttenuation):  [Read-Write] If bOverrideSettings is false, the asset to use to determine attenuation properties for sounds generated by this component

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.attenuation_settings"></a>

#### attenuation_settings

```python
@attenuation_settings.setter
def attenuation_settings(value: SoundAttenuation) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.attenuation_overrides"></a>

#### attenuation_overrides

```python
@property
def attenuation_overrides() -> SoundAttenuationSettings
```

(SoundAttenuationSettings):  [Read-Write] If bOverrideSettings is true, the attenuation properties to use for sounds generated by this component

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.attenuation_overrides"></a>

#### attenuation_overrides

```python
@attenuation_overrides.setter
def attenuation_overrides(value: SoundAttenuationSettings) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.concurrency_set"></a>

#### concurrency_set

```python
@property
def concurrency_set() -> Set[SoundConcurrency]
```

(Set[SoundConcurrency]):  [Read-Write] What sound concurrency rules to use for sounds generated by this audio component

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.concurrency_set"></a>

#### concurrency_set

```python
@concurrency_set.setter
def concurrency_set(value: Set[SoundConcurrency]) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.auto_attach_location_rule"></a>

#### auto_attach_location_rule

```python
@property
def auto_attach_location_rule() -> AttachmentRule
```

(AttachmentRule):  [Read-Write] Options for how we handle our location when we attach to the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
see: bAutoManageAttachment, EAttachmentRule

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.auto_attach_location_rule"></a>

#### auto_attach_location_rule

```python
@auto_attach_location_rule.setter
def auto_attach_location_rule(value: AttachmentRule) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.auto_attach_rotation_rule"></a>

#### auto_attach_rotation_rule

```python
@property
def auto_attach_rotation_rule() -> AttachmentRule
```

(AttachmentRule):  [Read-Write] Options for how we handle our rotation when we attach to the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
see: bAutoManageAttachment, EAttachmentRule

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.auto_attach_rotation_rule"></a>

#### auto_attach_rotation_rule

```python
@auto_attach_rotation_rule.setter
def auto_attach_rotation_rule(value: AttachmentRule) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.auto_attach_scale_rule"></a>

#### auto_attach_scale_rule

```python
@property
def auto_attach_scale_rule() -> AttachmentRule
```

(AttachmentRule):  [Read-Write] Options for how we handle our scale when we attach to the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
see: bAutoManageAttachment, EAttachmentRule

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.auto_attach_scale_rule"></a>

#### auto_attach_scale_rule

```python
@auto_attach_scale_rule.setter
def auto_attach_scale_rule(value: AttachmentRule) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.modulation_routing"></a>

#### modulation_routing

```python
@property
def modulation_routing() -> SoundModulationDefaultRoutingSettings
```

(SoundModulationDefaultRoutingSettings):  [Read-Write]

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.modulation_routing"></a>

#### modulation_routing

```python
@modulation_routing.setter
def modulation_routing(value: SoundModulationDefaultRoutingSettings) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.on_audio_play_state_changed"></a>

#### on_audio_play_state_changed

```python
@property
def on_audio_play_state_changed() -> OnAudioPlayStateChanged
```

(OnAudioPlayStateChanged):  [Read-Write] This function returns the Targeted Audio Component's current Play State.
Playing, if the sound is currently playing.
Stopped, if the sound is stopped.
Paused, if the sound is currently playing, but paused.
Fading In, if the sound is in the process of Fading In.
Fading Out, if the sound is in the process of Fading Out.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.on_audio_play_state_changed"></a>

#### on_audio_play_state_changed

```python
@on_audio_play_state_changed.setter
def on_audio_play_state_changed(value: OnAudioPlayStateChanged) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.on_audio_virtualization_changed"></a>

#### on_audio_virtualization_changed

```python
@property
def on_audio_virtualization_changed() -> OnAudioVirtualizationChanged
```

(OnAudioVirtualizationChanged):  [Read-Write] Called when virtualization state changes

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.on_audio_virtualization_changed"></a>

#### on_audio_virtualization_changed

```python
@on_audio_virtualization_changed.setter
def on_audio_virtualization_changed(
        value: OnAudioVirtualizationChanged) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.on_audio_finished"></a>

#### on_audio_finished

```python
@property
def on_audio_finished() -> OnAudioFinished
```

(OnAudioFinished):  [Read-Write] Called when we finish playing audio, either because it played to completion or because a Stop() call turned it off early

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.on_audio_finished"></a>

#### on_audio_finished

```python
@on_audio_finished.setter
def on_audio_finished(value: OnAudioFinished) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.on_audio_playback_percent"></a>

#### on_audio_playback_percent

```python
@property
def on_audio_playback_percent() -> OnAudioPlaybackPercent
```

(OnAudioPlaybackPercent):  [Read-Write] Called as a sound plays on the audio component to allow BP to perform actions based on playback percentage.
Computed as samples played divided by total samples, taking into account pitch.
Not currently implemented on all platforms.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.on_audio_playback_percent"></a>

#### on_audio_playback_percent

```python
@on_audio_playback_percent.setter
def on_audio_playback_percent(value: OnAudioPlaybackPercent) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.on_audio_single_envelope_value"></a>

#### on_audio_single_envelope_value

```python
@property
def on_audio_single_envelope_value() -> OnAudioSingleEnvelopeValue
```

(OnAudioSingleEnvelopeValue):  [Read-Write]

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.on_audio_single_envelope_value"></a>

#### on_audio_single_envelope_value

```python
@on_audio_single_envelope_value.setter
def on_audio_single_envelope_value(value: OnAudioSingleEnvelopeValue) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.on_audio_multi_envelope_value"></a>

#### on_audio_multi_envelope_value

```python
@property
def on_audio_multi_envelope_value() -> OnAudioMultiEnvelopeValue
```

(OnAudioMultiEnvelopeValue):  [Read-Write]

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.on_audio_multi_envelope_value"></a>

#### on_audio_multi_envelope_value

```python
@on_audio_multi_envelope_value.setter
def on_audio_multi_envelope_value(value: OnAudioMultiEnvelopeValue) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.auto_attach_parent"></a>

#### auto_attach_parent

```python
@property
def auto_attach_parent() -> SceneComponent
```

(SceneComponent):  [Read-Only] Component we automatically attach to when activated, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
If null during registration, we assign the existing AttachParent and defer attachment until we activate.
see: bAutoManageAttachment

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.auto_attach_socket_name"></a>

#### auto_attach_socket_name

```python
@property
def auto_attach_socket_name() -> Name
```

(Name):  [Read-Write] Socket we automatically attach to on the AutoAttachParent, if bAutoManageAttachment is true.
see: bAutoManageAttachment

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.auto_attach_socket_name"></a>

#### auto_attach_socket_name

```python
@auto_attach_socket_name.setter
def auto_attach_socket_name(value: Name) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.stop_delayed"></a>

#### stop_delayed

```python
def stop_delayed(delay_time: float) -> None
```

x.stop_delayed(delay_time) -> None
Cues request to stop sound after the provided delay (in seconds), stopping immediately if delay is zero or negative

Args:
    delay_time (float):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.stop"></a>

#### stop

```python
def stop() -> None
```

x.stop() -> None
Stop an audio component's sound, issue any delegates if needed

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_wave_parameter"></a>

#### set_wave_parameter

```python
def set_wave_parameter(name: Name, wave: SoundWave) -> None
```

x.set_wave_parameter(name, wave) -> None
Sets the parameter matching the name indicated to the provided Wave. Provided for convenience/backward compatibility
with SoundCues (The parameter interface supports any object and is up to the system querying it to determine whether
it is a valid type).

Args:
    name (Name): The name of the parameter to assign the wave to.
    wave (SoundWave): The wave value to set.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_volume_multiplier"></a>

#### set_volume_multiplier

```python
def set_volume_multiplier(new_volume_multiplier: float) -> None
```

x.set_volume_multiplier(new_volume_multiplier) -> None
Set a new volume multiplier

Args:
    new_volume_multiplier (float):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_ui_sound"></a>

#### set_ui_sound

```python
def set_ui_sound(ui_sound: bool) -> None
```

x.set_ui_sound(ui_sound) -> None
Set whether sounds generated by this audio component should be considered UI sounds

Args:
    ui_sound (bool):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_submix_send"></a>

#### set_submix_send

```python
def set_submix_send(submix: SoundSubmixBase, send_level: float) -> None
```

x.set_submix_send(submix, send_level) -> None
Allows designers to target a specific Audio Component instance’s sound set the send level (volume of sound copied) to the indicated Submix.

Args:
    submix (SoundSubmixBase): The Submix to send the signal to.
    send_level (float): The scalar used to alter the volume of the copied signal.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_source_bus_send_pre_effect"></a>

#### set_source_bus_send_pre_effect

```python
def set_source_bus_send_pre_effect(sound_source_bus: SoundSourceBus,
                                   source_bus_send_level: float) -> None
```

x.set_source_bus_send_pre_effect(sound_source_bus, source_bus_send_level) -> None
Allows designers to target a specific Audio Component instance’s sound and set the send level (volume of sound copied)
to the indicated Source Bus. If the Source Bus is not already part of the sound’s sends, the reference will be added to
this instance’s Override sends. This particular send occurs before the Source Effect processing chain.

Args:
    sound_source_bus (SoundSourceBus): The Bus to send the signal to.
    source_bus_send_level (float): The scalar used to alter the volume of the copied signal.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_source_bus_send_post_effect"></a>

#### set_source_bus_send_post_effect

```python
def set_source_bus_send_post_effect(sound_source_bus: SoundSourceBus,
                                    source_bus_send_level: float) -> None
```

x.set_source_bus_send_post_effect(sound_source_bus, source_bus_send_level) -> None
Allows designers to target a specific Audio Component instance’s sound and set the send level (volume of sound copied)
to the indicated Source Bus. If the Source Bus is not already part of the sound’s sends, the reference will be added to
this instance’s Override sends. This particular send occurs after the Source Effect processing chain.

Args:
    sound_source_bus (SoundSourceBus): The Bus to send the signal to
    source_bus_send_level (float): The scalar used to alter the volume of the copied signal

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_sound"></a>

#### set_sound

```python
def set_sound(new_sound: SoundBase) -> None
```

x.set_sound(new_sound) -> None
Set what sound is played by this component

Args:
    new_sound (SoundBase):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_pitch_multiplier"></a>

#### set_pitch_multiplier

```python
def set_pitch_multiplier(new_pitch_multiplier: float) -> None
```

x.set_pitch_multiplier(new_pitch_multiplier) -> None
Set a new pitch multiplier

Args:
    new_pitch_multiplier (float):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_paused"></a>

#### set_paused

```python
def set_paused(pause: bool) -> None
```

x.set_paused(pause) -> None
Pause an audio component playing its sound cue, issue any delegates if needed

Args:
    pause (bool):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_output_to_bus_only"></a>

#### set_output_to_bus_only

```python
def set_output_to_bus_only(output_to_bus_only: bool) -> None
```

x.set_output_to_bus_only(output_to_bus_only) -> None
Sets whether or not to output the audio to bus only.

Args:
    output_to_bus_only (bool):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_modulation_routing"></a>

#### set_modulation_routing

```python
def set_modulation_routing(
        modulators: Set[SoundModulatorBase],
        destination: ModulationDestination,
        routing_method: ModulationRouting = ModulationRouting.INHERIT) -> None
```

x.set_modulation_routing(modulators, destination, routing_method=ModulationRouting.INHERIT) -> None
Sets the routing for one of the given Audio component's Modulation Destinations. This will overwrite the current settings.
To Add modulators without removing previously set ones, use AddModulators.

Args:
    modulators (Set[SoundModulatorBase]): The set of modulators to apply to the given destination on the component.
    destination (ModulationDestination): The destination to assign the modulators to.
    routing_method (ModulationRouting): The routing method to use for the given modulator.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_low_pass_filter_frequency"></a>

#### set_low_pass_filter_frequency

```python
def set_low_pass_filter_frequency(low_pass_filter_frequency: float) -> None
```

x.set_low_pass_filter_frequency(low_pass_filter_frequency) -> None
Sets a cutoff frequency, in Hz, for the targeted Audio Component’s sound’s Low Pass Filter calculation.
The lowest cutoff frequency from all of the sound instance’s possible LPF calculations wins.

Args:
    low_pass_filter_frequency (float):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_low_pass_filter_enabled"></a>

#### set_low_pass_filter_enabled

```python
def set_low_pass_filter_enabled(low_pass_filter_enabled: bool) -> None
```

x.set_low_pass_filter_enabled(low_pass_filter_enabled) -> None
When set to TRUE, enables an additional Low Pass Filter Frequency to be calculated in with the
sound instance’s LPF total, allowing designers to set filter settings for the targeted Audio Component’s
sound instance.

Args:
    low_pass_filter_enabled (bool):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_int_parameter"></a>

#### set_int_parameter

```python
def set_int_parameter(name: Name, int: int) -> None
```

x.set_int_parameter(name, int) -> None
Sets a named Int32

Args:
    name (Name): 
    int (int32):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_high_pass_filter_frequency"></a>

#### set_high_pass_filter_frequency

```python
def set_high_pass_filter_frequency(high_pass_filter_frequency: float) -> None
```

x.set_high_pass_filter_frequency(high_pass_filter_frequency) -> None
Sets a cutoff frequency, in Hz, for the targeted Audio Component’s sound’s High Pass Filter calculation.
The highest cutoff frequency from all of the sound instance’s possible HPF calculations wins.

Args:
    high_pass_filter_frequency (float):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_high_pass_filter_enabled"></a>

#### set_high_pass_filter_enabled

```python
def set_high_pass_filter_enabled(high_pass_filter_enabled: bool) -> None
```

x.set_high_pass_filter_enabled(high_pass_filter_enabled) -> None
When set to TRUE, enables an additional High Pass Filter Frequency to be calculated in with the
sound instance’s HPF total, allowing designers to set filter settings for the targeted Audio Component’s
sound instance.

Args:
    high_pass_filter_enabled (bool):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_float_parameter"></a>

#### set_float_parameter

```python
def set_float_parameter(name: Name, float: float) -> None
```

x.set_float_parameter(name, float) -> None
Sets a named Float

Args:
    name (Name): 
    float (float):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_bool_parameter"></a>

#### set_bool_parameter

```python
def set_bool_parameter(name: Name, bool: bool) -> None
```

x.set_bool_parameter(name, bool) -> None
Sets a named Boolean

Args:
    name (Name): 
    bool (bool):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_audio_bus_send_pre_effect"></a>

#### set_audio_bus_send_pre_effect

```python
def set_audio_bus_send_pre_effect(audio_bus: AudioBus,
                                  audio_bus_send_level: float) -> None
```

x.set_audio_bus_send_pre_effect(audio_bus, audio_bus_send_level) -> None
Sets how much audio the sound should send to the given Audio Bus (PRE Source Effects).
if the Bus Send doesn't already exist, it will be added to the overrides on the active sound.

Args:
    audio_bus (AudioBus): The Bus to send the signal to
    audio_bus_send_level (float): The scalar used to alter the volume of the copied signal

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_audio_bus_send_post_effect"></a>

#### set_audio_bus_send_post_effect

```python
def set_audio_bus_send_post_effect(audio_bus: AudioBus,
                                   audio_bus_send_level: float) -> None
```

x.set_audio_bus_send_post_effect(audio_bus, audio_bus_send_level) -> None
Sets how much audio the sound should send to the given Audio Bus (POST Source Effects).
if the Audio Bus Send doesn't already exist, it will be added to the overrides on the active sound.

Args:
    audio_bus (AudioBus): The Bus to send the signal to
    audio_bus_send_level (float): The scalar used to alter the volume of the copied signal

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.remove_modulation_routing"></a>

#### remove_modulation_routing

```python
def remove_modulation_routing(modulators: Set[SoundModulatorBase],
                              destination: ModulationDestination) -> None
```

x.remove_modulation_routing(modulators, destination) -> None
Removes the given set of Modulators to the modulators currently set on the Audio Component. This performs a logical subtraction of the sets, so modulators that are not in the given set will stay.
To completely overwrite current Modulation settings, use SetModulationRouting.

Args:
    modulators (Set[SoundModulatorBase]): The set of modulators to remove from the given destination on the component.
    destination (ModulationDestination): The destination to remove the modulators from.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.play_quantized"></a>

#### play_quantized

```python
def play_quantized(
    world_context_object: Object,
    clock_handle: QuartzClockHandle,
    quantization_boundary: QuartzQuantizationBoundary,
    delegate: OnQuartzCommandEventBP,
    start_time: float = 0.000000,
    fade_in_duration: float = 0.000000,
    fade_volume_level: float = 1.000000,
    fade_curve: AudioFaderCurve = AudioFaderCurve.LINEAR
) -> Tuple[QuartzClockHandle, QuartzQuantizationBoundary]
```

x.play_quantized(world_context_object, clock_handle, quantization_boundary, delegate, start_time=0.000000, fade_in_duration=0.000000, fade_volume_level=1.000000, fade_curve=AudioFaderCurve.LINEAR) -> (clock_handle=QuartzClockHandle, quantization_boundary=QuartzQuantizationBoundary)
Start a sound playing on an audio component on a given quantization boundary with the handle to an existing clock

Args:
    world_context_object (Object): 
    clock_handle (QuartzClockHandle): 
    quantization_boundary (QuartzQuantizationBoundary): 
    delegate (OnQuartzCommandEventBP): 
    start_time (float): 
    fade_in_duration (float): 
    fade_volume_level (float): 
    fade_curve (AudioFaderCurve): 

Returns:
    tuple: 

    clock_handle (QuartzClockHandle): 

    quantization_boundary (QuartzQuantizationBoundary):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.play"></a>

#### play

```python
def play(start_time: float = 0.000000) -> None
```

x.play(start_time=0.000000) -> None
Begins playing the targeted Audio Component's sound at the designated Start Time, seeking into a sound.

Args:
    start_time (float): The offset, in seconds, to begin reading the sound at

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.is_virtualized"></a>

#### is_virtualized

```python
def is_virtualized() -> bool
```

x.is_virtualized() -> bool
Returns if the sound is virtualized.

Returns:
    bool:

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.is_playing"></a>

#### is_playing

```python
def is_playing() -> bool
```

x.is_playing() -> bool
Returns TRUE if the targeted Audio Component’s sound is playing.
Doesn't indicate if the sound is paused or fading in/out. Use GetPlayState() to get the full play state.

Returns:
    bool:

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.has_cooked_fft_data"></a>

#### has_cooked_fft_data

```python
def has_cooked_fft_data() -> bool
```

x.has_cooked_fft_data() -> bool
Queries if the sound wave playing in this audio component has cooked FFT data, returns FALSE if none found.

Returns:
    bool:

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.has_cooked_amplitude_envelope_data"></a>

#### has_cooked_amplitude_envelope_data

```python
def has_cooked_amplitude_envelope_data() -> bool
```

x.has_cooked_amplitude_envelope_data() -> bool
Queries whether or not the targeted Audio Component instance’s sound has Amplitude Envelope Data, returns FALSE if none found.

Returns:
    bool:

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.get_play_state"></a>

#### get_play_state

```python
def get_play_state() -> AudioComponentPlayState
```

x.get_play_state() -> AudioComponentPlayState
Returns the enumerated play states of the audio component.

Returns:
    AudioComponentPlayState:

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.get_modulators"></a>

#### get_modulators

```python
def get_modulators(
        destination: ModulationDestination) -> Set[SoundModulatorBase]
```

x.get_modulators(destination) -> Set[SoundModulatorBase]
Gets the set of currently active modulators for a given Modulation Destination.

Args:
    destination (ModulationDestination): The Destination to retrieve the Modulators from.

Returns:
    Set[SoundModulatorBase]: The set of of Modulators applied to this component for the given Destination.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.get_cooked_fft_data_for_all_playing_sounds"></a>

#### get_cooked_fft_data_for_all_playing_sounds

```python
def get_cooked_fft_data_for_all_playing_sounds(
) -> Optional[Array[SoundWaveSpectralDataPerSound]]
```

x.get_cooked_fft_data_for_all_playing_sounds() -> Array[SoundWaveSpectralDataPerSound] or None
Retrieves the current-time cooked spectral data of the sounds playing on the audio component.
Spectral data is not averaged or interpolated. Instead an array of data with all playing sound waves with cooked data is returned.
Returns true if there is data and the audio component is playing.

Returns:
    Array[SoundWaveSpectralDataPerSound] or None: 

    out_sound_wave_spectral_data (Array[SoundWaveSpectralDataPerSound]):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.get_cooked_fft_data"></a>

#### get_cooked_fft_data

```python
def get_cooked_fft_data(
    frequencies_to_get: Array[float]
) -> Optional[Array[SoundWaveSpectralData]]
```

x.get_cooked_fft_data(frequencies_to_get) -> Array[SoundWaveSpectralData] or None
Retrieves the current-time cooked spectral data of the sounds playing on the audio component.
Spectral data is averaged and interpolated for all playing sounds on this audio component.
Returns true if there is data and the audio component is playing.

Args:
    frequencies_to_get (Array[float]): 

Returns:
    Array[SoundWaveSpectralData] or None: 

    out_sound_wave_spectral_data (Array[SoundWaveSpectralData]):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.get_cooked_envelope_data_for_all_playing_sounds"></a>

#### get_cooked_envelope_data_for_all_playing_sounds

```python
def get_cooked_envelope_data_for_all_playing_sounds(
) -> Optional[Array[SoundWaveEnvelopeDataPerSound]]
```

x.get_cooked_envelope_data_for_all_playing_sounds() -> Array[SoundWaveEnvelopeDataPerSound] or None
Retrieves the current-time amplitude envelope data of the sounds playing on the audio component.
Envelope data is not averaged or interpolated. Instead an array of data with all playing sound waves with cooked data is returned.
Returns true if there is data and the audio component is playing.

Returns:
    Array[SoundWaveEnvelopeDataPerSound] or None: 

    out_envelope_data (Array[SoundWaveEnvelopeDataPerSound]):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.get_cooked_envelope_data"></a>

#### get_cooked_envelope_data

```python
def get_cooked_envelope_data() -> Optional[float]
```

x.get_cooked_envelope_data() -> float or None
Retrieves Cooked Amplitude Envelope Data at the current playback time. If there are multiple
SoundWaves playing, data is interpolated and averaged across all playing sound waves.
Returns FALSE if no data was found.

Returns:
    float or None: 

    out_envelope_data (float):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.fade_out"></a>

#### fade_out

```python
def fade_out(fade_out_duration: float,
             fade_volume_level: float,
             fade_curve: AudioFaderCurve = AudioFaderCurve.LINEAR) -> None
```

x.fade_out(fade_out_duration, fade_volume_level, fade_curve=AudioFaderCurve.LINEAR) -> None
This function allows designers to call a delayed Stop on an Audio Component instance while applying a
volume curve over time. Parameters allow designers to indicate the duration of the fade and the curve shape.

Args:
    fade_out_duration (float): how long it should take to reach the FadeVolumeLevel
    fade_volume_level (float): the percentage of the AudioComponents's calculated volume in which to fade to
    fade_curve (AudioFaderCurve): The curve to use when interpolating between the old and new volume

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.fade_in"></a>

#### fade_in

```python
def fade_in(fade_in_duration: float,
            fade_volume_level: float = 1.000000,
            start_time: float = 0.000000,
            fade_curve: AudioFaderCurve = AudioFaderCurve.LINEAR) -> None
```

x.fade_in(fade_in_duration, fade_volume_level=1.000000, start_time=0.000000, fade_curve=AudioFaderCurve.LINEAR) -> None
This function allows designers to call Play on an Audio Component instance while applying a volume curve over time.
Parameters allow designers to indicate the duration of the fade, the curve shape, and the start time if seeking into the sound.

Args:
    fade_in_duration (float): How long it should take to reach the FadeVolumeLevel
    fade_volume_level (float): The percentage of the AudioComponents's calculated volume to fade to
    start_time (float): 
    fade_curve (AudioFaderCurve): The curve to use when interpolating between the old and new volume

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.get_attenuation_settings_to_apply"></a>

#### get_attenuation_settings_to_apply

```python
def get_attenuation_settings_to_apply() -> Optional[SoundAttenuationSettings]
```

x.get_attenuation_settings_to_apply() -> SoundAttenuationSettings or None
Retrieves Attenuation Settings data on the targeted Audio Component. Returns FALSE if no settings were found.
Because the Attenuation Settings data structure is copied, FALSE returns will return default values.

Returns:
    SoundAttenuationSettings or None: 

    out_attenuation_settings (SoundAttenuationSettings):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.adjust_volume"></a>

#### adjust_volume

```python
def adjust_volume(
        adjust_volume_duration: float,
        adjust_volume_level: float,
        fade_curve: AudioFaderCurve = AudioFaderCurve.LINEAR) -> None
```

x.adjust_volume(adjust_volume_duration, adjust_volume_level, fade_curve=AudioFaderCurve.LINEAR) -> None
This function allows designers to trigger an adjustment to the sound instance’s playback Volume with options for smoothly applying a curve over time.

Args:
    adjust_volume_duration (float): The length of time in which to interpolate between the initial volume and the new volume.
    adjust_volume_level (float): The new volume to set the Audio Component to.
    fade_curve (AudioFaderCurve): The curve used when interpolating between the old and new volume.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.adjust_attenuation"></a>

#### adjust_attenuation

```python
def adjust_attenuation(attenuation_settings: SoundAttenuationSettings) -> None
```

x.adjust_attenuation(attenuation_settings) -> None
This function is used to modify the Attenuation Settings on the targeted Audio Component instance. It is worth noting that Attenuation Settings are only passed to new Active Sounds on start, so modified Attenuation data should be set before sound playback.

Args:
    attenuation_settings (SoundAttenuationSettings):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.add_modulation_routing"></a>

#### add_modulation_routing

```python
def add_modulation_routing(modulators: Set[SoundModulatorBase],
                           destination: ModulationDestination) -> None
```

x.add_modulation_routing(modulators, destination) -> None
Adds the given set of Modulators to the modulators currently set on the Audio Component. This performs a logical Union, so duplicate modulators will not be added.
This function automatically sets the destination's routing method to Union, overriding whatever was set before.
To completely overwrite existing Modulation settings, use SetModulationRouting.

Args:
    modulators (Set[SoundModulatorBase]): The set of modulators to add to the given destination on the component.
    destination (ModulationDestination): The destination to add the modulators to.

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_trigger_parameter"></a>

#### set_trigger_parameter

```python
def set_trigger_parameter(name: Name) -> None
```

x.set_trigger_parameter(name) -> None
Executes a named trigger.  Does *not* cache trigger value, so only executes if the sound
is already playing.  If the intent is for the trigger to execute immediately (if playing)
and be called on initialization for all future instances, call 'SetBoolParameter' with the
intended initial trigger behavior (true if trigger desired on initialization, false if not).

Args:
    name (Name):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_string_parameter"></a>

#### set_string_parameter

```python
def set_string_parameter(name: Name, value: str) -> None
```

x.set_string_parameter(name, value) -> None
Sets a named String

Args:
    name (Name): 
    value (str):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_string_array_parameter"></a>

#### set_string_array_parameter

```python
def set_string_array_parameter(name: Name, value: Array[str]) -> None
```

x.set_string_array_parameter(name, value) -> None
Sets a named String Array

Args:
    name (Name): 
    value (Array[str]):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_parameters_blueprint"></a>

#### set_parameters_blueprint

```python
def set_parameters_blueprint(parameters: Array[AudioParameter]) -> None
```

x.set_parameters_blueprint(parameters) -> None
Sets an array of parameters as a batch

Args:
    parameters (Array[AudioParameter]):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_object_parameter"></a>

#### set_object_parameter

```python
def set_object_parameter(name: Name, value: Object) -> None
```

x.set_object_parameter(name, value) -> None
Sets a named UObject

Args:
    name (Name): 
    value (Object):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_object_array_parameter"></a>

#### set_object_array_parameter

```python
def set_object_array_parameter(name: Name, value: Array[Object]) -> None
```

x.set_object_array_parameter(name, value) -> None
Sets a named UObject Array

Args:
    name (Name): 
    value (Array[Object]):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_int_array_parameter"></a>

#### set_int_array_parameter

```python
def set_int_array_parameter(name: Name, value: Array[int]) -> None
```

x.set_int_array_parameter(name, value) -> None
Sets a named Int32 Array

Args:
    name (Name): 
    value (Array[int32]):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_float_array_parameter"></a>

#### set_float_array_parameter

```python
def set_float_array_parameter(name: Name, value: Array[float]) -> None
```

x.set_float_array_parameter(name, value) -> None
Sets a named Float Array

Args:
    name (Name): 
    value (Array[float]):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.set_bool_array_parameter"></a>

#### set_bool_array_parameter

```python
def set_bool_array_parameter(name: Name, value: Array[bool]) -> None
```

x.set_bool_array_parameter(name, value) -> None
Sets a named Boolean Array

Args:
    name (Name): 
    value (Array[bool]):

<a id="unreal.AudioComponent.reset_parameters"></a>

#### reset_parameters

```python
def reset_parameters() -> None
```

x.reset_parameters() -> None
Resets all parameters to their original values.

<a id="unreal.BillboardComponent"></a>