## DMMaterialProperty Objects

```python
class DMMaterialProperty(DMMaterialComponent)
```

Base Color, Specular, Opacity, etc

**C++ Source:**

- **Plugin**: DynamicMaterial
- **Module**: DynamicMaterialEditor
- **File**: DMMaterialProperty.h

**Editor Properties:** (see get_editor_property/set_editor_property)

- ``component_dirty`` (bool):  [Read-Only]
- ``component_state`` (DMComponentLifetimeState):  [Read-Only]
- ``components`` (Map[Name, DMMaterialComponent]):  [Read-Only] Components of this property. Not necessarily owned or controlled by this property.
- ``editable_properties`` (Array[Name]):  [Read-Only]
- ``enabled`` (bool):  [Read-Only] Whether this property is enabled. If it is not enabled, it will generate no expressions.
- ``input_connection_map`` (DMMaterialStageConnection):  [Read-Only] The map of expressions connected to this property's input node.
- ``input_connector_type`` (DMValueType):  [Read-Only] The value type used to connect to this property. Will be either VT_Float1, VT_Float3_RGB or VT_Float3_XYZ.
- ``material_property`` (DMMaterialPropertyType):  [Read-Only] The property type of this property.
- ``output_processor`` (MaterialFunctionInterface):  [Read-Only] An optional material function which is applied in between the property and its inputs.

<a id="unreal.DMMaterialProperty.material_property"></a>

#### material_property

```python
@property
def material_property() -> DMMaterialPropertyType
```

(DMMaterialPropertyType):  [Read-Only] The property type of this property.

<a id="unreal.DMMaterialProperty.enabled"></a>

#### enabled

```python
@property
def enabled() -> bool
```

(bool):  [Read-Only] Whether this property is enabled. If it is not enabled, it will generate no expressions.

<a id="unreal.DMMaterialProperty.input_connector_type"></a>

#### input_connector_type

```python
@property
def input_connector_type() -> DMValueType
```

(DMValueType):  [Read-Only] The value type used to connect to this property. Will be either VT_Float1, VT_Float3_RGB or VT_Float3_XYZ.

<a id="unreal.DMMaterialProperty.input_connection_map"></a>

#### input_connection_map

```python
@property
def input_connection_map() -> DMMaterialStageConnection
```

(DMMaterialStageConnection):  [Read-Only] The map of expressions connected to this property's input node.

<a id="unreal.DMMaterialProperty.output_processor"></a>

#### output_processor

```python
@property
def output_processor() -> MaterialFunctionInterface
```

(MaterialFunctionInterface):  [Read-Only] An optional material function which is applied in between the property and its inputs.

<a id="unreal.DMMaterialProperty.components"></a>

#### components

```python
@property
def components() -> Map[Name, DMMaterialComponent]
```

(Map[Name, DMMaterialComponent]):  [Read-Only] Components of this property. Not necessarily owned or controlled by this property.

<a id="unreal.DMMaterialProperty.set_output_processor"></a>

#### set_output_processor

```python
def set_output_processor(function: MaterialFunctionInterface) -> None
```

x.set_output_processor(function) -> None
The output process is an optional material function which is applied in between the property and its inputs.

Args:
    function (MaterialFunctionInterface): The new output processor.

<a id="unreal.DMMaterialProperty.set_enabled"></a>

#### set_enabled

```python
def set_enabled(enabled: bool) -> None
```

x.set_enabled(enabled) -> None
Set Enabled

Args:
    enabled (bool):

<a id="unreal.DMMaterialProperty.reset_input_connection_map"></a>

#### reset_input_connection_map

```python
def reset_input_connection_map() -> None
```

x.reset_input_connection_map() -> None
Empty the connection map and recalculate the input types.

<a id="unreal.DMMaterialProperty.is_material_pin"></a>

#### is_material_pin

```python
def is_material_pin() -> bool
```

x.is_material_pin() -> bool
Whether this property represents a material pin. Only materials properties with a pin will
be generated by default.

Returns:
    bool:

<a id="unreal.DMMaterialProperty.is_enabled"></a>

#### is_enabled

```python
def is_enabled() -> bool
```

x.is_enabled() -> bool
Is Enabled

Returns:
    bool:

<a id="unreal.DMMaterialProperty.get_output_processor"></a>

#### get_output_processor

```python
def get_output_processor() -> MaterialFunctionInterface
```

x.get_output_processor() -> MaterialFunctionInterface
The output process is an optional material function which is applied in between the property and its inputs.

Returns:
    MaterialFunctionInterface: The current output processor.

<a id="unreal.DMMaterialProperty.get_material_property"></a>

#### get_material_property

```python
def get_material_property() -> DMMaterialPropertyType
```

x.get_material_property() -> DMMaterialPropertyType
Get Material Property

Returns:
    DMMaterialPropertyType:

<a id="unreal.DMMaterialProperty.get_material_model_editor_only_data"></a>

#### get_material_model_editor_only_data

```python
def get_material_model_editor_only_data(
) -> DynamicMaterialModelEditorOnlyData
```

x.get_material_model_editor_only_data() -> DynamicMaterialModelEditorOnlyData
Get Material Model Editor Only Data

Returns:
    DynamicMaterialModelEditorOnlyData:

<a id="unreal.DMMaterialProperty.get_input_connector_type"></a>

#### get_input_connector_type

```python
def get_input_connector_type() -> DMValueType
```

x.get_input_connector_type() -> DMValueType


Returns:
    DMValueType: The value type of this property. Will be either VT_Float1, VT_Float3_RGB or VT_Float3_XYZ.

<a id="unreal.DMMaterialProperty.get_input_connection_map"></a>

#### get_input_connection_map

```python
def get_input_connection_map() -> DMMaterialStageConnection
```

x.get_input_connection_map() -> DMMaterialStageConnection


Returns:
    DMMaterialStageConnection: Get the expressions which connect to this property, mapped per channel.

<a id="unreal.DMMaterialProperty.get_description"></a>

#### get_description

```python
def get_description() -> Text
```

x.get_description() -> Text
The description of this property based on the EDMMaterialPropertyType enum.

Returns:
    Text:

<a id="unreal.DMMaterialSlot"></a>