## GranularSynth Objects

```python
class GranularSynth(SynthComponent)
```

Granular Synth

**C++ Source:**

- **Plugin**: Synthesis
- **Module**: Synthesis
- **File**: SynthComponentGranulator.h

**Editor Properties:** (see get_editor_property/set_editor_property)

- ``absolute_location`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If RelativeLocation should be considered relative to the world, rather than the parent
- ``absolute_rotation`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If RelativeRotation should be considered relative to the world, rather than the parent
- ``absolute_scale`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If RelativeScale3D should be considered relative to the world, rather than the parent
- ``allow_spatialization`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Is this audio component allowed to be spatialized?
- ``asset_user_data`` (Array[AssetUserData]):  [Read-Write] Array of user data stored with the component
- ``asset_user_data_editor_only`` (Array[AssetUserData]):  [Read-Write] Array of user data stored with the component
- ``attenuation_overrides`` (SoundAttenuationSettings):  [Read-Write] If bOverrideSettings is true, the attenuation properties to use for sounds generated by this component
- ``attenuation_settings`` (SoundAttenuation):  [Read-Write] If bOverrideSettings is false, the asset to use to determine attenuation properties for sounds generated by this component
- ``auto_activate`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether the component is activated at creation or must be explicitly activated.
- ``bus_sends`` (Array[SoundSourceBusSendInfo]):  [Read-Write] This sound will send its audio output to this list of buses if there are bus instances playing after source effects are processed.
- ``can_ever_affect_navigation`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether this component can potentially influence navigation
- ``component_tags`` (Array[Name]):  [Read-Write] Array of tags that can be used for grouping and categorizing. Can also be accessed from scripting.
- ``concurrency_set`` (Set[SoundConcurrency]):  [Read-Write] What sound concurrency to use for sounds generated by this audio component
- ``detail_mode`` (DetailMode):  [Read-Write] If detail mode is >= system detail mode, primitive won't be rendered.
- ``editable_when_inherited`` (bool):  [Read-Write] True if this component can be modified when it was inherited from a parent actor class
- ``enable_base_submix`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If enabled, sound will route to the Master Submix by default or to the Base Submix if defined. If disabled, sound will route ONLY to the Submix Sends and/or Bus Sends
- ``enable_bus_sends`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not to enable sending this audio's output to buses.
- ``enable_submix_sends`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not to enable Submix Sends other than the Base Submix.
- ``envelope_follower_attack_time`` (int32):  [Read-Write] The attack time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the
  envelope value of sounds played with this audio component. Only used in audio mixer.
- ``envelope_follower_release_time`` (int32):  [Read-Write] The release time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the
  envelope value of sounds played with this audio component. Only used in audio mixer.
- ``hidden_in_game`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether to hide the primitive in game, if the primitive is Visible.
- ``is_editor_only`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If true, the component will be excluded from non-editor builds
- ``is_ui_sound`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not this sound plays when the game is paused in the UI
- ``mobility`` (ComponentMobility):  [Read-Write] How often this component is allowed to move, used to make various optimizations. Only safe to set in constructor.
- ``modulation_routing`` (SoundModulationDefaultRoutingSettings):  [Read-Write]
- ``on_audio_envelope_value`` (OnSynthEnvelopeValue):  [Read-Write]
- ``on_component_activated`` (ActorComponentActivatedSignature):  [Read-Write] Called when the component has been activated, with parameter indicating if it was from a reset
- ``on_component_deactivated`` (ActorComponentDeactivateSignature):  [Read-Write] Called when the component has been deactivated
- ``override_attenuation`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Should the Attenuation Settings asset be used (false) or should the properties set directly on the component be used for attenuation properties
- ``physics_volume_changed_delegate`` (PhysicsVolumeChanged):  [Read-Write] Delegate that will be called when PhysicsVolume has been changed *
- ``pre_effect_bus_sends`` (Array[SoundSourceBusSendInfo]):  [Read-Write] This sound will send its audio output to this list of buses if there are bus instances playing before source effects are processed.
- ``primary_component_tick`` (ActorComponentTickFunction):  [Read-Write] Main tick function for the Component
- ``relative_location`` (Vector):  [Read-Write] Location of the component relative to its parent
- ``relative_rotation`` (Rotator):  [Read-Write] Rotation of the component relative to its parent
- ``relative_scale3d`` (Vector):  [Read-Write] Non-uniform scaling of the component relative to its parent.
  Note that scaling is always applied in local space (no shearing etc)
- ``replicate_using_registered_sub_object_list`` (bool):  [Read-Write] When true the replication system will only replicate the registered subobjects list
  When false the replication system will instead call the virtual ReplicateSubObjects() function where the subobjects need to be manually replicated.
- ``replicates`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Is this component currently replicating? Should the network code consider it for replication? Owning Actor must be replicating first!
- ``should_update_physics_volume`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not the cached PhysicsVolume this component overlaps should be updated when the component is moved.
  see: GetPhysicsVolume()
- ``sound_class`` (SoundClass):  [Read-Write] Sound class this sound belongs to
- ``sound_submix`` (SoundSubmixBase):  [Read-Write] Submix this sound belongs to
- ``sound_submix_sends`` (Array[SoundSubmixSendInfo]):  [Read-Write] An array of submix sends. Audio from this sound will send a portion of its audio to these effects.
- ``source_effect_chain`` (SoundEffectSourcePresetChain):  [Read-Write] The source effect chain to use for this sound.
- ``use_attach_parent_bound`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If true, this component uses its parents bounds when attached.
  This can be a significant optimization with many components attached together.
- ``visible`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether to completely draw the primitive; if false, the primitive is not drawn, does not cast a shadow.

<a id="unreal.GranularSynth.set_sustain_gain"></a>

#### set_sustain_gain

```python
def set_sustain_gain(sustain_gain: float) -> None
```

x.set_sustain_gain(sustain_gain) -> None
Set Sustain Gain

Args:
    sustain_gain (float):

<a id="unreal.GranularSynth.set_sound_wave"></a>

#### set_sound_wave

```python
def set_sound_wave(sound_wave: SoundWave) -> None
```

x.set_sound_wave(sound_wave) -> None
This will override the current sound wave if one is set, stop audio, and reload the new sound wave

Args:
    sound_wave (SoundWave):

<a id="unreal.GranularSynth.set_scrub_mode"></a>

#### set_scrub_mode

```python
def set_scrub_mode(scrub_mode: bool) -> None
```

x.set_scrub_mode(scrub_mode) -> None
Set Scrub Mode

Args:
    scrub_mode (bool):

<a id="unreal.GranularSynth.set_release_time_msec"></a>

#### set_release_time_msec

```python
def set_release_time_msec(release_time_msec: float) -> None
```

x.set_release_time_msec(release_time_msec) -> None
Set Release Time Msec

Args:
    release_time_msec (float):

<a id="unreal.GranularSynth.set_playhead_time"></a>

#### set_playhead_time

```python
def set_playhead_time(
    position_sec: float,
    lerp_time_sec: float = 0.000000,
    seek_type: GranularSynthSeekType = GranularSynthSeekType.FROM_BEGINNING
) -> None
```

x.set_playhead_time(position_sec, lerp_time_sec=0.000000, seek_type=GranularSynthSeekType.FROM_BEGINNING) -> None
Set Playhead Time

Args:
    position_sec (float): 
    lerp_time_sec (float): 
    seek_type (GranularSynthSeekType):

<a id="unreal.GranularSynth.set_playback_speed"></a>

#### set_playback_speed

```python
def set_playback_speed(playhead_rate: float) -> None
```

x.set_playback_speed(playhead_rate) -> None
Set Playback Speed

Args:
    playhead_rate (float):

<a id="unreal.GranularSynth.set_grain_volume"></a>

#### set_grain_volume

```python
def set_grain_volume(base_volume: float,
                     volume_range: Vector2D = [0.000000, 0.000000]) -> None
```

x.set_grain_volume(base_volume, volume_range=[0.000000, 0.000000]) -> None
Set Grain Volume

Args:
    base_volume (float): 
    volume_range (Vector2D):

<a id="unreal.GranularSynth.set_grains_per_second"></a>

#### set_grains_per_second

```python
def set_grains_per_second(grains_per_second: float) -> None
```

x.set_grains_per_second(grains_per_second) -> None
Set Grains Per Second

Args:
    grains_per_second (float):

<a id="unreal.GranularSynth.set_grain_probability"></a>

#### set_grain_probability

```python
def set_grain_probability(grain_probability: float) -> None
```

x.set_grain_probability(grain_probability) -> None
Set Grain Probability

Args:
    grain_probability (float):

<a id="unreal.GranularSynth.set_grain_pitch"></a>

#### set_grain_pitch

```python
def set_grain_pitch(base_pitch: float,
                    pitch_range: Vector2D = [0.000000, 0.000000]) -> None
```

x.set_grain_pitch(base_pitch, pitch_range=[0.000000, 0.000000]) -> None
Set Grain Pitch

Args:
    base_pitch (float): 
    pitch_range (Vector2D):

<a id="unreal.GranularSynth.set_grain_pan"></a>

#### set_grain_pan

```python
def set_grain_pan(base_pan: float,
                  pan_range: Vector2D = [0.000000, 0.000000]) -> None
```

x.set_grain_pan(base_pan, pan_range=[0.000000, 0.000000]) -> None
Set Grain Pan

Args:
    base_pan (float): 
    pan_range (Vector2D):

<a id="unreal.GranularSynth.set_grain_envelope_type"></a>

#### set_grain_envelope_type

```python
def set_grain_envelope_type(envelope_type: GranularSynthEnvelopeType) -> None
```

x.set_grain_envelope_type(envelope_type) -> None
Set Grain Envelope Type

Args:
    envelope_type (GranularSynthEnvelopeType):

<a id="unreal.GranularSynth.set_grain_duration"></a>

#### set_grain_duration

```python
def set_grain_duration(
        base_duration_msec: float,
        duration_range: Vector2D = [0.000000, 0.000000]) -> None
```

x.set_grain_duration(base_duration_msec, duration_range=[0.000000, 0.000000]) -> None
Set Grain Duration

Args:
    base_duration_msec (float): 
    duration_range (Vector2D):

<a id="unreal.GranularSynth.set_decay_time"></a>

#### set_decay_time

```python
def set_decay_time(decay_time_msec: float) -> None
```

x.set_decay_time(decay_time_msec) -> None
Set Decay Time

Args:
    decay_time_msec (float):

<a id="unreal.GranularSynth.set_attack_time"></a>

#### set_attack_time

```python
def set_attack_time(attack_time_msec: float) -> None
```

x.set_attack_time(attack_time_msec) -> None
Set Attack Time

Args:
    attack_time_msec (float):

<a id="unreal.GranularSynth.note_on"></a>

#### note_on

```python
def note_on(note: float, velocity: int, duration: float = -1.000000) -> None
```

x.note_on(note, velocity, duration=-1.000000) -> None
Note On

Args:
    note (float): 
    velocity (int32): 
    duration (float):

<a id="unreal.GranularSynth.note_off"></a>

#### note_off

```python
def note_off(note: float, kill: bool = False) -> None
```

x.note_off(note, kill=False) -> None
Note Off

Args:
    note (float): 
    kill (bool):

<a id="unreal.GranularSynth.is_loaded"></a>

#### is_loaded

```python
def is_loaded() -> bool
```

x.is_loaded() -> bool
Is Loaded

Returns:
    bool:

<a id="unreal.GranularSynth.get_sample_duration"></a>

#### get_sample_duration

```python
def get_sample_duration() -> float
```

x.get_sample_duration() -> float
Get Sample Duration

Returns:
    float:

<a id="unreal.GranularSynth.get_current_playhead_time"></a>

#### get_current_playhead_time

```python
def get_current_playhead_time() -> float
```

x.get_current_playhead_time() -> float
Get Current Playhead Time

Returns:
    float:

<a id="unreal.MonoWaveTableSynthPreset"></a>