## ModularSynthComponent Objects

```python
class ModularSynthComponent(SynthComponent)
```

UModularSynthComponent
Implementation of a USynthComponent.

**C++ Source:**

- **Plugin**: Synthesis
- **Module**: Synthesis
- **File**: EpicSynth1Component.h

**Editor Properties:** (see get_editor_property/set_editor_property)

- ``absolute_location`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If RelativeLocation should be considered relative to the world, rather than the parent
- ``absolute_rotation`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If RelativeRotation should be considered relative to the world, rather than the parent
- ``absolute_scale`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If RelativeScale3D should be considered relative to the world, rather than the parent
- ``allow_spatialization`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Is this audio component allowed to be spatialized?
- ``asset_user_data`` (Array[AssetUserData]):  [Read-Write] Array of user data stored with the component
- ``asset_user_data_editor_only`` (Array[AssetUserData]):  [Read-Write] Array of user data stored with the component
- ``attenuation_overrides`` (SoundAttenuationSettings):  [Read-Write] If bOverrideSettings is true, the attenuation properties to use for sounds generated by this component
- ``attenuation_settings`` (SoundAttenuation):  [Read-Write] If bOverrideSettings is false, the asset to use to determine attenuation properties for sounds generated by this component
- ``auto_activate`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether the component is activated at creation or must be explicitly activated.
- ``bus_sends`` (Array[SoundSourceBusSendInfo]):  [Read-Write] This sound will send its audio output to this list of buses if there are bus instances playing after source effects are processed.
- ``can_ever_affect_navigation`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether this component can potentially influence navigation
- ``component_tags`` (Array[Name]):  [Read-Write] Array of tags that can be used for grouping and categorizing. Can also be accessed from scripting.
- ``concurrency_set`` (Set[SoundConcurrency]):  [Read-Write] What sound concurrency to use for sounds generated by this audio component
- ``detail_mode`` (DetailMode):  [Read-Write] If detail mode is >= system detail mode, primitive won't be rendered.
- ``editable_when_inherited`` (bool):  [Read-Write] True if this component can be modified when it was inherited from a parent actor class
- ``enable_base_submix`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If enabled, sound will route to the Master Submix by default or to the Base Submix if defined. If disabled, sound will route ONLY to the Submix Sends and/or Bus Sends
- ``enable_bus_sends`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not to enable sending this audio's output to buses.
- ``enable_submix_sends`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not to enable Submix Sends other than the Base Submix.
- ``envelope_follower_attack_time`` (int32):  [Read-Write] The attack time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the
  envelope value of sounds played with this audio component. Only used in audio mixer.
- ``envelope_follower_release_time`` (int32):  [Read-Write] The release time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the
  envelope value of sounds played with this audio component. Only used in audio mixer.
- ``hidden_in_game`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether to hide the primitive in game, if the primitive is Visible.
- ``is_editor_only`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If true, the component will be excluded from non-editor builds
- ``is_ui_sound`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not this sound plays when the game is paused in the UI
- ``mobility`` (ComponentMobility):  [Read-Write] How often this component is allowed to move, used to make various optimizations. Only safe to set in constructor.
- ``modulation_routing`` (SoundModulationDefaultRoutingSettings):  [Read-Write]
- ``on_audio_envelope_value`` (OnSynthEnvelopeValue):  [Read-Write]
- ``on_component_activated`` (ActorComponentActivatedSignature):  [Read-Write] Called when the component has been activated, with parameter indicating if it was from a reset
- ``on_component_deactivated`` (ActorComponentDeactivateSignature):  [Read-Write] Called when the component has been deactivated
- ``override_attenuation`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Should the Attenuation Settings asset be used (false) or should the properties set directly on the component be used for attenuation properties
- ``physics_volume_changed_delegate`` (PhysicsVolumeChanged):  [Read-Write] Delegate that will be called when PhysicsVolume has been changed *
- ``pre_effect_bus_sends`` (Array[SoundSourceBusSendInfo]):  [Read-Write] This sound will send its audio output to this list of buses if there are bus instances playing before source effects are processed.
- ``primary_component_tick`` (ActorComponentTickFunction):  [Read-Write] Main tick function for the Component
- ``relative_location`` (Vector):  [Read-Write] Location of the component relative to its parent
- ``relative_rotation`` (Rotator):  [Read-Write] Rotation of the component relative to its parent
- ``relative_scale3d`` (Vector):  [Read-Write] Non-uniform scaling of the component relative to its parent.
  Note that scaling is always applied in local space (no shearing etc)
- ``replicate_using_registered_sub_object_list`` (bool):  [Read-Write] When true the replication system will only replicate the registered subobjects list
  When false the replication system will instead call the virtual ReplicateSubObjects() function where the subobjects need to be manually replicated.
- ``replicates`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Is this component currently replicating? Should the network code consider it for replication? Owning Actor must be replicating first!
- ``should_update_physics_volume`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not the cached PhysicsVolume this component overlaps should be updated when the component is moved.
  see: GetPhysicsVolume()
- ``sound_class`` (SoundClass):  [Read-Write] Sound class this sound belongs to
- ``sound_submix`` (SoundSubmixBase):  [Read-Write] Submix this sound belongs to
- ``sound_submix_sends`` (Array[SoundSubmixSendInfo]):  [Read-Write] An array of submix sends. Audio from this sound will send a portion of its audio to these effects.
- ``source_effect_chain`` (SoundEffectSourcePresetChain):  [Read-Write] The source effect chain to use for this sound.
- ``use_attach_parent_bound`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If true, this component uses its parents bounds when attached.
  This can be a significant optimization with many components attached together.
- ``visible`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether to completely draw the primitive; if false, the primitive is not drawn, does not cast a shadow.
- ``voice_count`` (int32):  [Read-Write] The voice count to use for the synthesizer. Cannot be changed

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.voice_count"></a>

#### voice_count

```python
@property
def voice_count() -> int
```

(int32):  [Read-Only] The voice count to use for the synthesizer. Cannot be changed

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_synth_preset"></a>

#### set_synth_preset

```python
def set_synth_preset(synth_preset: ModularSynthPreset) -> None
```

x.set_synth_preset(synth_preset) -> None
Sets the preset struct for the synth

Args:
    synth_preset (ModularSynthPreset):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_sustain_gain"></a>

#### set_sustain_gain

```python
def set_sustain_gain(sustain_gain: float) -> None
```

x.set_sustain_gain(sustain_gain) -> None
Sets the envelope sustain gain value.

Args:
    sustain_gain (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_stereo_delay_wetlevel"></a>

#### set_stereo_delay_wetlevel

```python
def set_stereo_delay_wetlevel(delay_wetlevel: float) -> None
```

x.set_stereo_delay_wetlevel(delay_wetlevel) -> None
Sets the amount of stereo delay wetlevel [0.0, 1.0]

Args:
    delay_wetlevel (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_stereo_delay_time"></a>

#### set_stereo_delay_time

```python
def set_stereo_delay_time(delay_time_msec: float) -> None
```

x.set_stereo_delay_time(delay_time_msec) -> None
Sets the amount of stereo delay time in msec.

Args:
    delay_time_msec (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_stereo_delay_ratio"></a>

#### set_stereo_delay_ratio

```python
def set_stereo_delay_ratio(delay_ratio: float) -> None
```

x.set_stereo_delay_ratio(delay_ratio) -> None
Sets the amount of stereo delay ratio between left and right delay lines [0.0, 1.0]

Args:
    delay_ratio (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_stereo_delay_mode"></a>

#### set_stereo_delay_mode

```python
def set_stereo_delay_mode(stereo_delay_mode: SynthStereoDelayMode) -> None
```

x.set_stereo_delay_mode(stereo_delay_mode) -> None
Sets whether not stereo delay is enabled.

Args:
    stereo_delay_mode (SynthStereoDelayMode):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_stereo_delay_is_enabled"></a>

#### set_stereo_delay_is_enabled

```python
def set_stereo_delay_is_enabled(stereo_delay_enabled: bool) -> None
```

x.set_stereo_delay_is_enabled(stereo_delay_enabled) -> None
Sets whether not stereo delay is enabled.

Args:
    stereo_delay_enabled (bool):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_stereo_delay_feedback"></a>

#### set_stereo_delay_feedback

```python
def set_stereo_delay_feedback(delay_feedback: float) -> None
```

x.set_stereo_delay_feedback(delay_feedback) -> None
Sets the amount of stereo delay feedback [0.0, 1.0]

Args:
    delay_feedback (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_spread"></a>

#### set_spread

```python
def set_spread(spread: float) -> None
```

x.set_spread(spread) -> None
Sets the amount of spread of the oscillators. [0.0, 1.0]

Args:
    spread (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_release_time"></a>

#### set_release_time

```python
def set_release_time(release_time_msec: float) -> None
```

x.set_release_time(release_time_msec) -> None
Sets the envelope release time in msec.

Args:
    release_time_msec (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_portamento"></a>

#### set_portamento

```python
def set_portamento(portamento: float) -> None
```

x.set_portamento(portamento) -> None
Sets the synth portamento [0.0, 1.0]

Args:
    portamento (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_pitch_bend"></a>

#### set_pitch_bend

```python
def set_pitch_bend(pitch_bend: float) -> None
```

x.set_pitch_bend(pitch_bend) -> None
Sets the synth pitch bend amount.

Args:
    pitch_bend (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_pan"></a>

#### set_pan

```python
def set_pan(pan: float) -> None
```

x.set_pan(pan) -> None
Sets the pan of the synth [-1.0, 1.0].

Args:
    pan (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_osc_type"></a>

#### set_osc_type

```python
def set_osc_type(osc_index: int, osc_type: Synth1OscType) -> None
```

x.set_osc_type(osc_index, osc_type) -> None
Set the oscillator type.

Args:
    osc_index (int32): Which oscillator to set the type for.
    osc_type (Synth1OscType): The oscillator type to set.

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_osc_sync"></a>

#### set_osc_sync

```python
def set_osc_sync(is_synced: bool) -> None
```

x.set_osc_sync(is_synced) -> None
Set whether or not to follow the phase of osc2 to osc1

Args:
    is_synced (bool):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_osc_semitones"></a>

#### set_osc_semitones

```python
def set_osc_semitones(osc_index: int, semitones: float) -> None
```

x.set_osc_semitones(osc_index, semitones) -> None
Sets the oscillator semitones.

Args:
    osc_index (int32): Which oscillator to set the type for.
    semitones (float): The amount of semitones to set the oscillator to (relative to base frequency/pitch).

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_osc_pulsewidth"></a>

#### set_osc_pulsewidth

```python
def set_osc_pulsewidth(osc_index: int, pulsewidth: float) -> None
```

x.set_osc_pulsewidth(osc_index, pulsewidth) -> None
Sets the square wave pulsewidth [0.0, 1.0]

Args:
    osc_index (int32): 
    pulsewidth (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_osc_octave"></a>

#### set_osc_octave

```python
def set_osc_octave(osc_index: int, octave: float) -> None
```

x.set_osc_octave(osc_index, octave) -> None
Sets the oscillator octaves

Args:
    osc_index (int32): Which oscillator to set the type for.
    octave (float): Which octave to set the oscillator to (relative to base frequency/pitch).

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_osc_gain_mod"></a>

#### set_osc_gain_mod

```python
def set_osc_gain_mod(osc_index: int, osc_gain_mod: float) -> None
```

x.set_osc_gain_mod(osc_index, osc_gain_mod) -> None
Set the oscillator gain modulation.

Args:
    osc_index (int32): Which oscillator to set the type for.
    osc_gain_mod (float): The oscillator gain modulation to use.

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_osc_gain"></a>

#### set_osc_gain

```python
def set_osc_gain(osc_index: int, osc_gain: float) -> None
```

x.set_osc_gain(osc_index, osc_gain) -> None
Set the oscillator gain.

Args:
    osc_index (int32): Which oscillator to set the type for.
    osc_gain (float): The oscillator gain.

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_osc_frequency_mod"></a>

#### set_osc_frequency_mod

```python
def set_osc_frequency_mod(osc_index: int, osc_freq_mod: float) -> None
```

x.set_osc_frequency_mod(osc_index, osc_freq_mod) -> None
Set the oscillator frequency modulation

Args:
    osc_index (int32): Which oscillator to set the type for.
    osc_freq_mod (float): The oscillator frequency modulation to use.

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_osc_cents"></a>

#### set_osc_cents

```python
def set_osc_cents(osc_index: int, cents: float) -> None
```

x.set_osc_cents(osc_index, cents) -> None
Sets the oscillator cents.

Args:
    osc_index (int32): Which oscillator to set the type for.
    cents (float): The amount of cents to set the oscillator to (relative to base frequency/pitch)..

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_mod_env_sustain_gain"></a>

#### set_mod_env_sustain_gain

```python
def set_mod_env_sustain_gain(sustain_gain: float) -> None
```

x.set_mod_env_sustain_gain(sustain_gain) -> None
Sets the envelope modulator sustain gain

Args:
    sustain_gain (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_mod_env_release_time"></a>

#### set_mod_env_release_time

```python
def set_mod_env_release_time(release: float) -> None
```

x.set_mod_env_release_time(release) -> None
Sets the envelope modulator release

Args:
    release (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_mod_env_patch"></a>

#### set_mod_env_patch

```python
def set_mod_env_patch(patch_type: SynthModEnvPatch) -> None
```

x.set_mod_env_patch(patch_type) -> None
Sets whether or not to modulate a param based on the envelope. Uses bias envelope output (offset from sustain gain).

Args:
    patch_type (SynthModEnvPatch):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_mod_env_invert"></a>

#### set_mod_env_invert

```python
def set_mod_env_invert(invert: bool) -> None
```

x.set_mod_env_invert(invert) -> None
Sets whether or not to invert the envelope modulator.

Args:
    invert (bool):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_mod_env_depth"></a>

#### set_mod_env_depth

```python
def set_mod_env_depth(depth: float) -> None
```

x.set_mod_env_depth(depth) -> None
Sets the envelope modulator depth (amount to apply the output modulation)

Args:
    depth (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_mod_env_decay_time"></a>

#### set_mod_env_decay_time

```python
def set_mod_env_decay_time(decay_time_msec: float) -> None
```

x.set_mod_env_decay_time(decay_time_msec) -> None
Sets the envelope modulator attack time in msec

Args:
    decay_time_msec (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_mod_env_bias_patch"></a>

#### set_mod_env_bias_patch

```python
def set_mod_env_bias_patch(patch_type: SynthModEnvBiasPatch) -> None
```

x.set_mod_env_bias_patch(patch_type) -> None
Sets whether or not to modulate a param based on the envelope. Uses bias envelope output (offset from sustain gain).

Args:
    patch_type (SynthModEnvBiasPatch):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_mod_env_bias_invert"></a>

#### set_mod_env_bias_invert

```python
def set_mod_env_bias_invert(invert: bool) -> None
```

x.set_mod_env_bias_invert(invert) -> None
Sets whether or not to invert the bias output of the envelope modulator.

Args:
    invert (bool):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_mod_env_attack_time"></a>

#### set_mod_env_attack_time

```python
def set_mod_env_attack_time(attack_time_msec: float) -> None
```

x.set_mod_env_attack_time(attack_time_msec) -> None
Sets the envelope modulator attack time in msec

Args:
    attack_time_msec (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_lfo_type"></a>

#### set_lfo_type

```python
def set_lfo_type(lfo_index: int, lfo_type: SynthLFOType) -> None
```

x.set_lfo_type(lfo_index, lfo_type) -> None
Sets the LFO type

Args:
    lfo_index (int32): Which LFO to set the frequency for.
    lfo_type (SynthLFOType): The LFO type to use.

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_lfo_patch"></a>

#### set_lfo_patch

```python
def set_lfo_patch(lfo_index: int, lfo_patch_type: SynthLFOPatchType) -> None
```

x.set_lfo_patch(lfo_index, lfo_patch_type) -> None
Sets the LFO patch type. LFO patch determines what parameter is modulated by the LFO.

Args:
    lfo_index (int32): Which LFO to set the frequency for.
    lfo_patch_type (SynthLFOPatchType): The LFO patch type to use.

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_lfo_mode"></a>

#### set_lfo_mode

```python
def set_lfo_mode(lfo_index: int, lfo_mode: SynthLFOMode) -> None
```

x.set_lfo_mode(lfo_index, lfo_mode) -> None
Sets the LFO type

Args:
    lfo_index (int32): Which LFO to set the frequency for.
    lfo_mode (SynthLFOMode): The LFO mode to use.

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_lfo_gain_mod"></a>

#### set_lfo_gain_mod

```python
def set_lfo_gain_mod(lfo_index: int, gain_mod: float) -> None
```

x.set_lfo_gain_mod(lfo_index, gain_mod) -> None
Sets the LFO gain mod factor (external modulation)

Args:
    lfo_index (int32): Which LFO to set the frequency for.
    gain_mod (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_lfo_gain"></a>

#### set_lfo_gain

```python
def set_lfo_gain(lfo_index: int, gain: float) -> None
```

x.set_lfo_gain(lfo_index, gain) -> None
Sets the LFO gain factor

Args:
    lfo_index (int32): Which LFO to set the frequency for.
    gain (float): The gain factor to use for the LFO.

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_lfo_frequency_mod"></a>

#### set_lfo_frequency_mod

```python
def set_lfo_frequency_mod(lfo_index: int, frequency_mod_hz: float) -> None
```

x.set_lfo_frequency_mod(lfo_index, frequency_mod_hz) -> None
Sets the LFO frequency modulation in hz

Args:
    lfo_index (int32): Which LFO to set the frequency for.
    frequency_mod_hz (float): The LFO frequency to use.

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_lfo_frequency"></a>

#### set_lfo_frequency

```python
def set_lfo_frequency(lfo_index: int, frequency_hz: float) -> None
```

x.set_lfo_frequency(lfo_index, frequency_hz) -> None
Sets the LFO frequency in hz

Args:
    lfo_index (int32): Which LFO to set the frequency for.
    frequency_hz (float): The LFO frequency to use.

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_gain_db"></a>

#### set_gain_db

```python
def set_gain_db(gain_db: float) -> None
```

x.set_gain_db(gain_db) -> None
Sets the synth gain in decibels.

Args:
    gain_db (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_filter_type"></a>

#### set_filter_type

```python
def set_filter_type(filter_type: SynthFilterType) -> None
```

x.set_filter_type(filter_type) -> None
Sets the filter type.

Args:
    filter_type (SynthFilterType):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_filter_q_mod"></a>

#### set_filter_q_mod

```python
def set_filter_q_mod(filter_q: float) -> None
```

x.set_filter_q_mod(filter_q) -> None
Sets a modulated filter Q (resonance)

Args:
    filter_q (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_filter_q"></a>

#### set_filter_q

```python
def set_filter_q(filter_q: float) -> None
```

x.set_filter_q(filter_q) -> None
Sets the filter Q (resonance)

Args:
    filter_q (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_filter_frequency_mod"></a>

#### set_filter_frequency_mod

```python
def set_filter_frequency_mod(filter_frequency_hz: float) -> None
```

x.set_filter_frequency_mod(filter_frequency_hz) -> None
Sets the filter cutoff frequency in hz.

Args:
    filter_frequency_hz (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_filter_frequency"></a>

#### set_filter_frequency

```python
def set_filter_frequency(filter_frequency_hz: float) -> None
```

x.set_filter_frequency(filter_frequency_hz) -> None
Sets the filter cutoff frequency in hz.

Args:
    filter_frequency_hz (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_filter_algorithm"></a>

#### set_filter_algorithm

```python
def set_filter_algorithm(filter_algorithm: SynthFilterAlgorithm) -> None
```

x.set_filter_algorithm(filter_algorithm) -> None
Sets the filter algorithm.

Args:
    filter_algorithm (SynthFilterAlgorithm):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_enable_unison"></a>

#### set_enable_unison

```python
def set_enable_unison(enable_unison: bool) -> None
```

x.set_enable_unison(enable_unison) -> None
Sets whether or not the synth is in unison mode (i.e. no spread)

Args:
    enable_unison (bool):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_enable_retrigger"></a>

#### set_enable_retrigger

```python
def set_enable_retrigger(retrigger_enabled: bool) -> None
```

x.set_enable_retrigger(retrigger_enabled) -> None
Sets whether or not to retrigger envelope per note on.

Args:
    retrigger_enabled (bool):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_enable_polyphony"></a>

#### set_enable_polyphony

```python
def set_enable_polyphony(enable_polyphony: bool) -> None
```

x.set_enable_polyphony(enable_polyphony) -> None
Sets whether or not to use polyphony for the synthesizer.

Args:
    enable_polyphony (bool): Whether or not to enable polyphony for the synth.

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_enable_patch"></a>

#### set_enable_patch

```python
def set_enable_patch(patch_id: PatchId, is_enabled: bool) -> bool
```

x.set_enable_patch(patch_id, is_enabled) -> bool
Set Enable Patch

Args:
    patch_id (PatchId): 
    is_enabled (bool): 

Returns:
    bool:

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_enable_legato"></a>

#### set_enable_legato

```python
def set_enable_legato(legato_enabled: bool) -> None
```

x.set_enable_legato(legato_enabled) -> None
Sets whether or not to use legato for the synthesizer.

Args:
    legato_enabled (bool):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_decay_time"></a>

#### set_decay_time

```python
def set_decay_time(decay_time_msec: float) -> None
```

x.set_decay_time(decay_time_msec) -> None
Sets the envelope decay time in msec.

Args:
    decay_time_msec (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_chorus_frequency"></a>

#### set_chorus_frequency

```python
def set_chorus_frequency(frequency: float) -> None
```

x.set_chorus_frequency(frequency) -> None
Sets the chorus frequency

Args:
    frequency (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_chorus_feedback"></a>

#### set_chorus_feedback

```python
def set_chorus_feedback(feedback: float) -> None
```

x.set_chorus_feedback(feedback) -> None
Sets the chorus feedback

Args:
    feedback (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_chorus_enabled"></a>

#### set_chorus_enabled

```python
def set_chorus_enabled(enable_chorus: bool) -> None
```

x.set_chorus_enabled(enable_chorus) -> None
Sets whether or not chorus is enabled.

Args:
    enable_chorus (bool):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_chorus_depth"></a>

#### set_chorus_depth

```python
def set_chorus_depth(depth: float) -> None
```

x.set_chorus_depth(depth) -> None
Sets the chorus depth

Args:
    depth (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.set_attack_time"></a>

#### set_attack_time

```python
def set_attack_time(attack_time_msec: float) -> None
```

x.set_attack_time(attack_time_msec) -> None
Sets the envelope attack time in msec.

Args:
    attack_time_msec (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.note_on"></a>

#### note_on

```python
def note_on(note: float, velocity: int, duration: float = -1.000000) -> None
```

x.note_on(note, velocity, duration=-1.000000) -> None
Play a new note. Optionally pass in a duration to automatically turn off the note.

Args:
    note (float): 
    velocity (int32): 
    duration (float):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.note_off"></a>

#### note_off

```python
def note_off(note: float,
             all_notes_off: bool = False,
             kill_all_notes: bool = False) -> None
```

x.note_off(note, all_notes_off=False, kill_all_notes=False) -> None
Stop the note (will only do anything if a voice is playing with that note)

Args:
    note (float): 
    all_notes_off (bool): 
    kill_all_notes (bool):

<a id="unreal.ModularSynthComponent.create_patch"></a>

#### create_patch

```python
def create_patch(patch_source: Synth1PatchSource,
                 patch_cables: Array[Synth1PatchCable],
                 enable_by_default: bool) -> PatchId
```

x.create_patch(patch_source, patch_cables, enable_by_default) -> PatchId
Creates a new modular synth patch between a modulation source and a set of modulation destinations

Args:
    patch_source (Synth1PatchSource): 
    patch_cables (Array[Synth1PatchCable]): 
    enable_by_default (bool): 

Returns:
    PatchId:

<a id="unreal.SourceEffectBitCrusherPreset"></a>