## MovieGraphFileOutputNode Objects

```python
class MovieGraphFileOutputNode(MovieGraphSettingNode)
```

The UMovieGraphFileOutputNode node defines a output file format that MRQ may place produced render data into.
At runtime, the individual pieces of render data will be generated by the Movie Graph Renderer, and then
all data will be collected into a single datastructure by the FMovieGraphOutputMerger before being passed back
into the main Movie Graph Pipeline. Once this happens, the CDOs deriving from UMovieGraphFileOutputNode will be
given a pointer to the information for the whole frame, so they can decide what to do with it. There are potentially
multiple output formats at once (such as exr and jpeg).

**C++ Source:**

- **Plugin**: MovieRenderPipeline
- **Module**: MovieRenderPipelineCore
- **File**: MovieGraphFileOutputNode.h

**Editor Properties:** (see get_editor_property/set_editor_property)

- ``dynamic_properties`` (InstancedPropertyBag):  [Read-Write] Properties which can be dynamically declared on the node (vs. native properties which are always present).
- ``file_name_format`` (str):  [Read-Write] What format string should the final files use? Can include folder prefixes, and format string ({shot_name}, etc.)
- ``override_file_name_format`` (bool):  [Read-Write]
- ``script_tags`` (Array[str]):  [Read-Write] Tags that can be used to identify this node within a pre/post render script. Tags can be unique in order to identify this specific node,
  or the same tag can be applied to multiple nodes in order to identify a grouping of nodes.

<a id="unreal.MovieGraphFileOutputNode.override_file_name_format"></a>

#### override_file_name_format

```python
@property
def override_file_name_format() -> bool
```

(bool):  [Read-Write]

<a id="unreal.MovieGraphFileOutputNode.override_file_name_format"></a>

#### override_file_name_format

```python
@override_file_name_format.setter
def override_file_name_format(value: bool) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.MovieGraphFileOutputNode.file_name_format"></a>

#### file_name_format

```python
@property
def file_name_format() -> str
```

(str):  [Read-Write] What format string should the final files use? Can include folder prefixes, and format string ({shot_name}, etc.)

<a id="unreal.MovieGraphFileOutputNode.file_name_format"></a>

#### file_name_format

```python
@file_name_format.setter
def file_name_format(value: str) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.MovieGraphAudioOutputNode"></a>