## MovieGraphCollection Objects

```python
class MovieGraphCollection(Object)
```

A group of actors generated by actor queries.

**C++ Source:**

- **Plugin**: MovieRenderPipeline
- **Module**: MovieRenderPipelineCore
- **File**: MovieGraphRenderLayerSubsystem.h

**Editor Properties:** (see get_editor_property/set_editor_property)

- ``collection_name`` (str):  [Read-Write] The display name of the collection, shown in the UI. Does not need to be unique across collections.
- ``condition_groups`` (Array[MovieGraphConditionGroup]):  [Read-Write] The condition groups that are contained within the collection.

<a id="unreal.MovieGraphCollection.set_collection_name"></a>

#### set_collection_name

```python
def set_collection_name(name: str) -> None
```

x.set_collection_name(name) -> None
Sets the name of the collection as seen in the UI.

Args:
    name (str):

<a id="unreal.MovieGraphCollection.remove_condition_group"></a>

#### remove_condition_group

```python
def remove_condition_group(condition_group: MovieGraphConditionGroup) -> bool
```

x.remove_condition_group(condition_group) -> bool
Removes the specified condition group from the collection if it exists. Returns true on success, else false.
Removes all child queries that belong to this group at the same time.

Args:
    condition_group (MovieGraphConditionGroup): 

Returns:
    bool:

<a id="unreal.MovieGraphCollection.move_condition_group_to_index"></a>

#### move_condition_group_to_index

```python
def move_condition_group_to_index(condition_group: MovieGraphConditionGroup,
                                  new_index: int) -> bool
```

x.move_condition_group_to_index(condition_group, new_index) -> bool
Move the specified condition group to a new index within the collection. Returns false if the condition group was not found or the index
specified is invalid, else true.

Args:
    condition_group (MovieGraphConditionGroup): 
    new_index (int32): 

Returns:
    bool:

<a id="unreal.MovieGraphCollection.get_condition_groups"></a>

#### get_condition_groups

```python
def get_condition_groups() -> Array[MovieGraphConditionGroup]
```

x.get_condition_groups() -> Array[MovieGraphConditionGroup]
Gets all condition groups currently contained in the collection.

Returns:
    Array[MovieGraphConditionGroup]:

<a id="unreal.MovieGraphCollection.get_collection_name"></a>

#### get_collection_name

```python
def get_collection_name() -> str
```

x.get_collection_name() -> str
Gets the name of the collection as seen in the UI.

Returns:
    str:

<a id="unreal.MovieGraphCollection.evaluate"></a>

#### evaluate

```python
def evaluate(world: World) -> Set[Actor]
```

x.evaluate(world) -> Set[Actor]
Gets matching actors by having condition groups evaluate themselves, and performing set operations on the
condition group results (eg, union'ing condition group A and B).

Args:
    world (World): 

Returns:
    Set[Actor]:

<a id="unreal.MovieGraphCollection.add_condition_group"></a>

#### add_condition_group

```python
def add_condition_group() -> MovieGraphConditionGroup
```

x.add_condition_group() -> MovieGraphConditionGroup
Adds a new condition group to the collection and returns a ptr to it. The collection owns the created
condition group.

Returns:
    MovieGraphConditionGroup:

<a id="unreal.MoviePipelineCollection"></a>