## NavLinkGenerationJumpDownConfig Objects

```python
class NavLinkGenerationJumpDownConfig(StructBase)
```

Experimental configuration to generate vertical links.

**C++ Source:**

- **Module**: NavigationSystem
- **File**: LinkGenerationConfig.h

**Editor Properties:** (see get_editor_property/set_editor_property)

- ``area_class`` (type(Class)):  [Read-Write] Area class for links generated by this configuration.
- ``filter_distance_threshold`` (float):  [Read-Write] When filtering similar links, it's the distance used to compare between segment endpoints to match similar links.
  Use greater distance for more filtering (0 to deactivate filtering).
- ``jump_distance_from_edge`` (float):  [Read-Write] How far from the navmesh edge is the jump started.
- ``jump_ends_height_tolerance`` (float):  [Read-Write] Tolerance at both ends of the jump to find ground.
- ``jump_height`` (float):  [Read-Write] Peak height relative to the height of the starting point.
- ``jump_length`` (float):  [Read-Write] Horizontal length of the jump.
  How far from the starting point we will look for ground.
- ``jump_max_depth`` (float):  [Read-Write] How far below the starting height we want to look for landing ground.
- ``link_builder_flags`` (uint16):  [Read-Write] Flags used to indicate how links will be added.
- ``link_proxy_class`` (type(Class)):  [Read-Write] Class used to handle links made with this configuration.
  Using this allows to implement custom behaviors when using navlinks, for example during the pathfollow.
  Note that having a proxy is not required for successful navlink pathfinding,
  but it does allow for custom behavior at the start and the end of a given navlink.
  This implies that using LinkProxyClass is optional, and it can remain empty (the default value).
  see: INavLinkCustomInterface
  see: UGeneratedNavLinksProxy
- ``sampling_separation_factor`` (float):  [Read-Write] Value multiplied by CellSize to find the distance between sampling trajectories. Default is 1.
  Larger values improve generation speed but might introduce sampling errors.

<a id="unreal.NavLinkGenerationJumpDownConfig.__init__"></a>

#### __init__

```python
def __init__() -> None
```

<a id="unreal.MovieSceneSectionEvalOptions"></a>