## PawnNoiseEmitterComponent Objects

```python
class PawnNoiseEmitterComponent(ActorComponent)
```

PawnNoiseEmitterComponent tracks noise event data used by SensingComponents to hear a Pawn.
This component is intended to exist on either a Pawn or its Controller. It does nothing on network clients.

**C++ Source:**

- **Module**: Engine
- **File**: PawnNoiseEmitterComponent.h

**Editor Properties:** (see get_editor_property/set_editor_property)

- ``ai_perception_system_compatibility_mode`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If set to true (default value) will notify AIPerceptionSystem about noise events
  otherwise only PawnSensingComponents will be able to pick up noises generated by this component
- ``asset_user_data`` (Array[AssetUserData]):  [Read-Write] Array of user data stored with the component
- ``asset_user_data_editor_only`` (Array[AssetUserData]):  [Read-Write] Array of user data stored with the component
- ``auto_activate`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether the component is activated at creation or must be explicitly activated.
- ``can_ever_affect_navigation`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether this component can potentially influence navigation
- ``component_tags`` (Array[Name]):  [Read-Write] Array of tags that can be used for grouping and categorizing. Can also be accessed from scripting.
- ``editable_when_inherited`` (bool):  [Read-Write] True if this component can be modified when it was inherited from a parent actor class
- ``is_editor_only`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If true, the component will be excluded from non-editor builds
- ``noise_lifetime`` (float):  [Read-Write] After this amount of time, new sound events will overwrite previous sounds even if they are not louder (allows old sounds to decay)
- ``on_component_activated`` (ActorComponentActivatedSignature):  [Read-Write] Called when the component has been activated, with parameter indicating if it was from a reset
- ``on_component_deactivated`` (ActorComponentDeactivateSignature):  [Read-Write] Called when the component has been deactivated
- ``primary_component_tick`` (ActorComponentTickFunction):  [Read-Write] Main tick function for the Component
- ``replicate_using_registered_sub_object_list`` (bool):  [Read-Write] When true the replication system will only replicate the registered subobjects list
  When false the replication system will instead call the virtual ReplicateSubObjects() function where the subobjects need to be manually replicated.
- ``replicates`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Is this component currently replicating? Should the network code consider it for replication? Owning Actor must be replicating first!

<a id="unreal.PawnNoiseEmitterComponent.noise_lifetime"></a>

#### noise_lifetime

```python
@property
def noise_lifetime() -> float
```

(float):  [Read-Write] After this amount of time, new sound events will overwrite previous sounds even if they are not louder (allows old sounds to decay)

<a id="unreal.PawnNoiseEmitterComponent.noise_lifetime"></a>

#### noise_lifetime

```python
@noise_lifetime.setter
def noise_lifetime(value: float) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.PawnNoiseEmitterComponent.make_noise"></a>

#### make_noise

```python
def make_noise(noise_maker: Actor, loudness: float,
               noise_location: Vector) -> None
```

x.make_noise(noise_maker, loudness, noise_location) -> None
Cache noises instigated by the owning pawn for AI sensing

Args:
    noise_maker (Actor): is the actual actor which made the noise
    loudness (float): is the relative loudness of the noise (0.0 to 1.0)
    noise_location (Vector): is the position of the noise

<a id="unreal.PlatformEventsComponent"></a>