## SynthComponent Objects

```python
class SynthComponent(SceneComponent)
```

Synth Component

**C++ Source:**

- **Module**: AudioMixer
- **File**: SynthComponent.h

**Editor Properties:** (see get_editor_property/set_editor_property)

- ``absolute_location`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If RelativeLocation should be considered relative to the world, rather than the parent
- ``absolute_rotation`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If RelativeRotation should be considered relative to the world, rather than the parent
- ``absolute_scale`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If RelativeScale3D should be considered relative to the world, rather than the parent
- ``allow_spatialization`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Is this audio component allowed to be spatialized?
- ``asset_user_data`` (Array[AssetUserData]):  [Read-Write] Array of user data stored with the component
- ``asset_user_data_editor_only`` (Array[AssetUserData]):  [Read-Write] Array of user data stored with the component
- ``attenuation_overrides`` (SoundAttenuationSettings):  [Read-Write] If bOverrideSettings is true, the attenuation properties to use for sounds generated by this component
- ``attenuation_settings`` (SoundAttenuation):  [Read-Write] If bOverrideSettings is false, the asset to use to determine attenuation properties for sounds generated by this component
- ``auto_activate`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether the component is activated at creation or must be explicitly activated.
- ``bus_sends`` (Array[SoundSourceBusSendInfo]):  [Read-Write] This sound will send its audio output to this list of buses if there are bus instances playing after source effects are processed.
- ``can_ever_affect_navigation`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether this component can potentially influence navigation
- ``component_tags`` (Array[Name]):  [Read-Write] Array of tags that can be used for grouping and categorizing. Can also be accessed from scripting.
- ``concurrency_set`` (Set[SoundConcurrency]):  [Read-Write] What sound concurrency to use for sounds generated by this audio component
- ``detail_mode`` (DetailMode):  [Read-Write] If detail mode is >= system detail mode, primitive won't be rendered.
- ``editable_when_inherited`` (bool):  [Read-Write] True if this component can be modified when it was inherited from a parent actor class
- ``enable_base_submix`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If enabled, sound will route to the Master Submix by default or to the Base Submix if defined. If disabled, sound will route ONLY to the Submix Sends and/or Bus Sends
- ``enable_bus_sends`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not to enable sending this audio's output to buses.
- ``enable_submix_sends`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not to enable Submix Sends other than the Base Submix.
- ``envelope_follower_attack_time`` (int32):  [Read-Write] The attack time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the
  envelope value of sounds played with this audio component. Only used in audio mixer.
- ``envelope_follower_release_time`` (int32):  [Read-Write] The release time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the
  envelope value of sounds played with this audio component. Only used in audio mixer.
- ``hidden_in_game`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether to hide the primitive in game, if the primitive is Visible.
- ``is_editor_only`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If true, the component will be excluded from non-editor builds
- ``is_ui_sound`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not this sound plays when the game is paused in the UI
- ``mobility`` (ComponentMobility):  [Read-Write] How often this component is allowed to move, used to make various optimizations. Only safe to set in constructor.
- ``modulation_routing`` (SoundModulationDefaultRoutingSettings):  [Read-Write]
- ``on_audio_envelope_value`` (OnSynthEnvelopeValue):  [Read-Write]
- ``on_component_activated`` (ActorComponentActivatedSignature):  [Read-Write] Called when the component has been activated, with parameter indicating if it was from a reset
- ``on_component_deactivated`` (ActorComponentDeactivateSignature):  [Read-Write] Called when the component has been deactivated
- ``override_attenuation`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Should the Attenuation Settings asset be used (false) or should the properties set directly on the component be used for attenuation properties
- ``physics_volume_changed_delegate`` (PhysicsVolumeChanged):  [Read-Write] Delegate that will be called when PhysicsVolume has been changed *
- ``pre_effect_bus_sends`` (Array[SoundSourceBusSendInfo]):  [Read-Write] This sound will send its audio output to this list of buses if there are bus instances playing before source effects are processed.
- ``primary_component_tick`` (ActorComponentTickFunction):  [Read-Write] Main tick function for the Component
- ``relative_location`` (Vector):  [Read-Write] Location of the component relative to its parent
- ``relative_rotation`` (Rotator):  [Read-Write] Rotation of the component relative to its parent
- ``relative_scale3d`` (Vector):  [Read-Write] Non-uniform scaling of the component relative to its parent.
  Note that scaling is always applied in local space (no shearing etc)
- ``replicate_using_registered_sub_object_list`` (bool):  [Read-Write] When true the replication system will only replicate the registered subobjects list
  When false the replication system will instead call the virtual ReplicateSubObjects() function where the subobjects need to be manually replicated.
- ``replicates`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Is this component currently replicating? Should the network code consider it for replication? Owning Actor must be replicating first!
- ``should_update_physics_volume`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not the cached PhysicsVolume this component overlaps should be updated when the component is moved.
  see: GetPhysicsVolume()
- ``sound_class`` (SoundClass):  [Read-Write] Sound class this sound belongs to
- ``sound_submix`` (SoundSubmixBase):  [Read-Write] Submix this sound belongs to
- ``sound_submix_sends`` (Array[SoundSubmixSendInfo]):  [Read-Write] An array of submix sends. Audio from this sound will send a portion of its audio to these effects.
- ``source_effect_chain`` (SoundEffectSourcePresetChain):  [Read-Write] The source effect chain to use for this sound.
- ``use_attach_parent_bound`` (bool):  [Read-Write] If true, this component uses its parents bounds when attached.
  This can be a significant optimization with many components attached together.
- ``visible`` (bool):  [Read-Write] Whether to completely draw the primitive; if false, the primitive is not drawn, does not cast a shadow.

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.allow_spatialization"></a>

#### allow_spatialization

```python
@property
def allow_spatialization() -> bool
```

(bool):  [Read-Write] Is this audio component allowed to be spatialized?

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.allow_spatialization"></a>

#### allow_spatialization

```python
@allow_spatialization.setter
def allow_spatialization(value: bool) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.override_attenuation"></a>

#### override_attenuation

```python
@property
def override_attenuation() -> bool
```

(bool):  [Read-Write] Should the Attenuation Settings asset be used (false) or should the properties set directly on the component be used for attenuation properties

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.override_attenuation"></a>

#### override_attenuation

```python
@override_attenuation.setter
def override_attenuation(value: bool) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.enable_bus_sends"></a>

#### enable_bus_sends

```python
@property
def enable_bus_sends() -> bool
```

(bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not to enable sending this audio's output to buses.

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.enable_bus_sends"></a>

#### enable_bus_sends

```python
@enable_bus_sends.setter
def enable_bus_sends(value: bool) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.attenuation_settings"></a>

#### attenuation_settings

```python
@property
def attenuation_settings() -> SoundAttenuation
```

(SoundAttenuation):  [Read-Write] If bOverrideSettings is false, the asset to use to determine attenuation properties for sounds generated by this component

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.attenuation_settings"></a>

#### attenuation_settings

```python
@attenuation_settings.setter
def attenuation_settings(value: SoundAttenuation) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.attenuation_overrides"></a>

#### attenuation_overrides

```python
@property
def attenuation_overrides() -> SoundAttenuationSettings
```

(SoundAttenuationSettings):  [Read-Write] If bOverrideSettings is true, the attenuation properties to use for sounds generated by this component

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.attenuation_overrides"></a>

#### attenuation_overrides

```python
@attenuation_overrides.setter
def attenuation_overrides(value: SoundAttenuationSettings) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.concurrency_set"></a>

#### concurrency_set

```python
@property
def concurrency_set() -> Set[SoundConcurrency]
```

(Set[SoundConcurrency]):  [Read-Write] What sound concurrency to use for sounds generated by this audio component

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.concurrency_set"></a>

#### concurrency_set

```python
@concurrency_set.setter
def concurrency_set(value: Set[SoundConcurrency]) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.modulation_routing"></a>

#### modulation_routing

```python
@property
def modulation_routing() -> SoundModulationDefaultRoutingSettings
```

(SoundModulationDefaultRoutingSettings):  [Read-Write]

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.modulation_routing"></a>

#### modulation_routing

```python
@modulation_routing.setter
def modulation_routing(value: SoundModulationDefaultRoutingSettings) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.sound_submix_sends"></a>

#### sound_submix_sends

```python
@property
def sound_submix_sends() -> Array[SoundSubmixSendInfo]
```

(Array[SoundSubmixSendInfo]):  [Read-Write] An array of submix sends. Audio from this sound will send a portion of its audio to these effects.

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.sound_submix_sends"></a>

#### sound_submix_sends

```python
@sound_submix_sends.setter
def sound_submix_sends(value: Array[SoundSubmixSendInfo]) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.bus_sends"></a>

#### bus_sends

```python
@property
def bus_sends() -> Array[SoundSourceBusSendInfo]
```

(Array[SoundSourceBusSendInfo]):  [Read-Write] This sound will send its audio output to this list of buses if there are bus instances playing after source effects are processed.

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.bus_sends"></a>

#### bus_sends

```python
@bus_sends.setter
def bus_sends(value: Array[SoundSourceBusSendInfo]) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.pre_effect_bus_sends"></a>

#### pre_effect_bus_sends

```python
@property
def pre_effect_bus_sends() -> Array[SoundSourceBusSendInfo]
```

(Array[SoundSourceBusSendInfo]):  [Read-Write] This sound will send its audio output to this list of buses if there are bus instances playing before source effects are processed.

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.pre_effect_bus_sends"></a>

#### pre_effect_bus_sends

```python
@pre_effect_bus_sends.setter
def pre_effect_bus_sends(value: Array[SoundSourceBusSendInfo]) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.is_ui_sound"></a>

#### is_ui_sound

```python
@property
def is_ui_sound() -> bool
```

(bool):  [Read-Write] Whether or not this sound plays when the game is paused in the UI

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.is_ui_sound"></a>

#### is_ui_sound

```python
@is_ui_sound.setter
def is_ui_sound(value: bool) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.envelope_follower_attack_time"></a>

#### envelope_follower_attack_time

```python
@property
def envelope_follower_attack_time() -> int
```

(int32):  [Read-Write] The attack time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the
envelope value of sounds played with this audio component. Only used in audio mixer.

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.envelope_follower_attack_time"></a>

#### envelope_follower_attack_time

```python
@envelope_follower_attack_time.setter
def envelope_follower_attack_time(value: int) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.envelope_follower_release_time"></a>

#### envelope_follower_release_time

```python
@property
def envelope_follower_release_time() -> int
```

(int32):  [Read-Write] The release time in milliseconds for the envelope follower. Delegate callbacks can be registered to get the
envelope value of sounds played with this audio component. Only used in audio mixer.

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.envelope_follower_release_time"></a>

#### envelope_follower_release_time

```python
@envelope_follower_release_time.setter
def envelope_follower_release_time(value: int) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.on_audio_envelope_value"></a>

#### on_audio_envelope_value

```python
@property
def on_audio_envelope_value() -> OnSynthEnvelopeValue
```

(OnSynthEnvelopeValue):  [Read-Write]

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.on_audio_envelope_value"></a>

#### on_audio_envelope_value

```python
@on_audio_envelope_value.setter
def on_audio_envelope_value(value: OnSynthEnvelopeValue) -> None
```

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.stop"></a>

#### stop

```python
def stop() -> None
```

x.stop() -> None
Stops the synth generating audio.

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.start"></a>

#### start

```python
def start() -> None
```

x.start() -> None
Starts the synth generating audio.

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.set_volume_multiplier"></a>

#### set_volume_multiplier

```python
def set_volume_multiplier(volume_multiplier: float) -> None
```

x.set_volume_multiplier(volume_multiplier) -> None
Set a new volume multiplier

Args:
    volume_multiplier (float):

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.set_submix_send"></a>

#### set_submix_send

```python
def set_submix_send(submix: SoundSubmixBase, send_level: float) -> None
```

x.set_submix_send(submix, send_level) -> None
Sets how much audio the sound should send to the given submix.

Args:
    submix (SoundSubmixBase): 
    send_level (float):

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.set_source_bus_send_pre_effect"></a>

#### set_source_bus_send_pre_effect

```python
def set_source_bus_send_pre_effect(sound_source_bus: SoundSourceBus,
                                   source_bus_send_level: float) -> None
```

x.set_source_bus_send_pre_effect(sound_source_bus, source_bus_send_level) -> None
Sets how much audio the sound should send to the given SourceBus (pre effect).

Args:
    sound_source_bus (SoundSourceBus): 
    source_bus_send_level (float):

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.set_source_bus_send_post_effect"></a>

#### set_source_bus_send_post_effect

```python
def set_source_bus_send_post_effect(sound_source_bus: SoundSourceBus,
                                    source_bus_send_level: float) -> None
```

x.set_source_bus_send_post_effect(sound_source_bus, source_bus_send_level) -> None
Sets how much audio the sound should send to the given SourceBus (post effect).

Args:
    sound_source_bus (SoundSourceBus): 
    source_bus_send_level (float):

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.set_output_to_bus_only"></a>

#### set_output_to_bus_only

```python
def set_output_to_bus_only(output_to_bus_only: bool) -> None
```

x.set_output_to_bus_only(output_to_bus_only) -> None
Sets whether or not the synth component outputs its audio to any source or audio buses.

Args:
    output_to_bus_only (bool):

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.set_modulation_routing"></a>

#### set_modulation_routing

```python
def set_modulation_routing(
        modulators: Set[SoundModulatorBase],
        destination: ModulationDestination,
        routing_method: ModulationRouting = ModulationRouting.INHERIT) -> None
```

x.set_modulation_routing(modulators, destination, routing_method=ModulationRouting.INHERIT) -> None
Sets the routing for one of the given Synth component's Modulation Destinations.

Args:
    modulators (Set[SoundModulatorBase]): The set of modulators to apply to the given destination on the component.
    destination (ModulationDestination): The destination to assign the modulators to.
    routing_method (ModulationRouting): The routing method to use for the given modulator.

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.set_low_pass_filter_frequency"></a>

#### set_low_pass_filter_frequency

```python
def set_low_pass_filter_frequency(low_pass_filter_frequency: float) -> None
```

x.set_low_pass_filter_frequency(low_pass_filter_frequency) -> None
Sets lowpass filter frequency of the audio component.

Args:
    low_pass_filter_frequency (float):

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.set_low_pass_filter_enabled"></a>

#### set_low_pass_filter_enabled

```python
def set_low_pass_filter_enabled(low_pass_filter_enabled: bool) -> None
```

x.set_low_pass_filter_enabled(low_pass_filter_enabled) -> None
Sets whether or not the low pass filter is enabled on the audio component.

Args:
    low_pass_filter_enabled (bool):

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.set_audio_bus_send_pre_effect"></a>

#### set_audio_bus_send_pre_effect

```python
def set_audio_bus_send_pre_effect(audio_bus: AudioBus,
                                  audio_bus_send_level: float) -> None
```

x.set_audio_bus_send_pre_effect(audio_bus, audio_bus_send_level) -> None
Sets how much audio the sound should send to the given AudioBus (pre effect).

Args:
    audio_bus (AudioBus): 
    audio_bus_send_level (float):

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.set_audio_bus_send_post_effect"></a>

#### set_audio_bus_send_post_effect

```python
def set_audio_bus_send_post_effect(audio_bus: AudioBus,
                                   audio_bus_send_level: float) -> None
```

x.set_audio_bus_send_post_effect(audio_bus, audio_bus_send_level) -> None
Sets how much audio the sound should send to the given AudioBus (post effect).

Args:
    audio_bus (AudioBus): 
    audio_bus_send_level (float):

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.is_playing"></a>

#### is_playing

```python
def is_playing() -> bool
```

x.is_playing() -> bool
Returns true if this component is currently playing.

Returns:
    bool:

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.get_modulators"></a>

#### get_modulators

```python
def get_modulators(
        destination: ModulationDestination) -> Set[SoundModulatorBase]
```

x.get_modulators(destination) -> Set[SoundModulatorBase]
Gets the set of currently active modulators for a given Modulation Destination.

Args:
    destination (ModulationDestination): The Destination to retrieve the Modulators from.

Returns:
    Set[SoundModulatorBase]: The set of of Modulators applied to this component for the given Destination.

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.fade_out"></a>

#### fade_out

```python
def fade_out(fade_out_duration: float,
             fade_volume_level: float,
             fade_curve: AudioFaderCurve = AudioFaderCurve.LINEAR) -> None
```

x.fade_out(fade_out_duration, fade_volume_level, fade_curve=AudioFaderCurve.LINEAR) -> None
This function allows designers to call a delayed Stop on an Audio Component instance while applying a
volume curve over time. Parameters allow designers to indicate the duration of the fade and the curve shape.

Args:
    fade_out_duration (float): how long it should take to reach the FadeVolumeLevel
    fade_volume_level (float): the percentage of the AudioComponents's calculated volume in which to fade to
    fade_curve (AudioFaderCurve): The curve to use when interpolating between the old and new volume

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.fade_in"></a>

#### fade_in

```python
def fade_in(fade_in_duration: float,
            fade_volume_level: float = 1.000000,
            start_time: float = 0.000000,
            fade_curve: AudioFaderCurve = AudioFaderCurve.LINEAR) -> None
```

x.fade_in(fade_in_duration, fade_volume_level=1.000000, start_time=0.000000, fade_curve=AudioFaderCurve.LINEAR) -> None
This function allows designers to call Play on an Audio Component instance while applying a volume curve over time.
Parameters allow designers to indicate the duration of the fade, the curve shape, and the start time if seeking into the sound.

Args:
    fade_in_duration (float): How long it should take to reach the FadeVolumeLevel
    fade_volume_level (float): The percentage of the AudioComponents's calculated volume to fade to
    start_time (float): 
    fade_curve (AudioFaderCurve): The curve to use when interpolating between the old and new volume

<a id="unreal.SynthComponent.adjust_volume"></a>

#### adjust_volume

```python
def adjust_volume(
        adjust_volume_duration: float,
        adjust_volume_level: float,
        fade_curve: AudioFaderCurve = AudioFaderCurve.LINEAR) -> None
```

x.adjust_volume(adjust_volume_duration, adjust_volume_level, fade_curve=AudioFaderCurve.LINEAR) -> None
This function allows designers to trigger an adjustment to the sound instance’s playback Volume with options for smoothly applying a curve over time.

Args:
    adjust_volume_duration (float): The length of time in which to interpolate between the initial volume and the new volume.
    adjust_volume_level (float): The new volume to set the Audio Component to.
    fade_curve (AudioFaderCurve): The curve used when interpolating between the old and new volume.

<a id="unreal.SoundEffectPreset"></a>